A hard left to the chin.
Taxes are rounded off to the nearest dollar but the rounding error is surprisingly small.
Cognitive psychology.
Reverberate ore.
A novel with flat celluloid characters.
Black leather jackets.
Patchy fog.
We are fresh out of tomatoes.
They could not act without official communication from Moscow.
Easily mistakable signals.
A dedicated dancer.
Gonadal hormones.
The entrenched power of the nobility.
Years of faithful service.
Make a cake.
A good exterior paint.
A look of outraged disbelief.
A tight drumhead.
He will come one day.
This festival takes places biennially.
In Britain they call a fender a wing.
An invincible army.
Monochromatic light.
Irredeemable sinners.
A sophisticated audience.
His teenage son still behaves very immaturely.
The liquid grace of a ballerina.
Too many clouds to see.
Tomorrow my dentist will fit me for a crown.
Neat homework.
Hobnailed laborers.
They were acquainted.
The brush provided a covert for game.
The blood vessels anastomose.
He received a mass of correspondence.
Haunting memories.
Whatever the evenings be--frosty and frore or warm and wet.
The patient is on life support.
Raspberries are aggregate fruits.
A prominent citizen.
She awoke in the arms of her cruel undoer.
Draw the curtains.
Hornless cattle.
Found themselves on the wrong road.
He was directly responsible.
Something is wrong with the engine.
Ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel.
A moderate fine.
Intellectually influenced.
Break into a yodel.
The early sets ran on storage batteries.
Cull out the interesting letters from the poet's correspondence.
Oblivious to the risks she ran.
Devise a plan to take over the director's office.
The senator said that the project was a waste of money.
A glow of regret.
His uncompromising condemnation of racism.
Unhappy over her departure.
It was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs.
A terminal patient.
He was a good man, decent and sincere.
Believed the profession of a peregrine typist would have a happy future.
The unwaxed floor.
Toe the line.
A common brand of soap.
She made a graceful entree into the ballroom.
More than adequate as a secretary.
Spikes provide greater traction.
Linguistically interesting data.
Regenerate hatred.
A low-level job.
A driving personal ambition.
His passion for work was unsatiable.
Equatorial heat.
A shapeless hat on his head.
Sufficient food.
News hot off the press.
The front wheel of my bicycle is out of whack.
An assumptive person.
Sitting in a dark corner.
Pioneer space.
Yogurt made with skim milk.
The tabulation of the results.
More wasteful than the squandering of time.
Empty-bellied children.
We have no bananas.
An unpalatable meal.
High-tension wire.
His decision had depressing consequences for business.
The weakness of the dollar against the yen.
Some art forms schematise designs into geometrical patterns.
Crustose lichens.
They made an assay of the contents.
All due respect.
He has powerful connections.
A perceived difference in temperature.
Refill my glass, please.
Spendable income.
Force equals mass times acceleration.
Fried green tomatoes.
Cordial relations.
Vulpine cunning.
It was more than dubitable whether the friend was as influential as she thought.
The dam retains the water.
Tongue-in-cheek advice.
For years she worked toward the moralization of English literature.
That was not the case.
They changed his spot on the program.
An unfavorable comparison.
They painted it a light shade of bluish green.
The orchestra faced the prospect of disbandment.
She lived on the other side of the street from me.
New blood vessels bud out from the already dilated vascular bed to make up the nutritional deficit.
Her feelings of affection are dormant but easily awakened.
The grammatical elements of a sentence.
Good looks.
The volcano is very much alive.
Hazardous working conditions.
He paid his respects to the mayor.
Two unreconciled accountings.
They had never travelled abroad.
A technological civilization.
The speaker mounted the platform.
A kindly climate.
An uneasy calm.
Ambitious men are led astray by an infection that is almost unavoidable.
A night aflare with fireworks.
An oral vaccine.
The prepupal stage.
A stylist noted for the lameness of his plots.
Most criminal cases are handled by a tribal Jirga rather than by laws or police.
The runner slid headlong into third base.
They didn't follow our lead.
The election was just a lottery to them.
Superscribe one's name and address.
Bean curd.
Walks about in his stockinged feet.
Insipidly expressed thoughts.
They are further along in their research than we expected.
Cone a tire.
At opposite poles.
Uncrystallized ideas.
A breakdown of law unparalleled in our history.
His hesitancy revealed his basic indisposition.
She nodded approvingly.
Unfashionable clothes.
Unfastened seatbelts.
Pale blue eyes.
Was all in at the end of the day.
He feared the speedy decline of all manhood.
He didn't want his wife to know of the relationship.
The speaking animal.
Puzzled that she left without saying goodbye.
A flatbottom kettle.
His reaction was phenomenally quick.
They made arrangements to meet in Chicago.
The song uses colloquial language.
He took the blame for it.
The presence of discriminatory or prejudicial attitudes in the white population.
The conditions were too rainy for playing in the snow.
Felt sudden anger in a palpable wave.
Latent talent.
Representative government as defined by Abraham Lincoln is government of the people, by the people, for the people.
A bodacious gossip.
Feeling only so-so.
Fell plumb in the middle of the puddle.
Done with gambling.
Meek as a mouse.
Water and milk and blood are liquid substances.
A close weave.
Nocturnal darkness.
Loop a rope.
Rain during the middle of April.
A nation's balance of trade is favorable when its exports exceed its imports.
Postoperative care.
Effect a change.
Timber is virtually unobtainable in the islands.
An improved viewfinder.
Was red-faced with anger.
His worry over the prospect of being fired.
The queen of ocean liners.
Manifest disapproval.
A single-handed accomplishment.
Repressed rage turned his face scarlet.
Practical mathematics.
He is always backslapping his colleagues at staff meetings.
An abnormal personality.
A comprehensive education.
The cellular construction of a beehive.
Specific characters.
She is a linguistics major.
That question really put him on the spot.
A perpetual motion machine would have to be frictionless.
He cheerfully agreed to do it.
The sky was a burnished aestival blue.
He sat on the floor cross-legged and meditated.
Used decoratively at Christmas.
The kitchen was unappealingly dirty.
She has the makings of fine musician.
Too tired to eat.
Only worn-out horses and cattle.
They wore similar coats.
The male fur seal is much larger than the female.
Even when he is sick, he works.
Inflationary prices.
The physical size of a computer.
Guerrillas unequipped for a pitched battle.
A calyx adnate to the ovary.
Carboniferous rock system.
Automate the movement of the robot.
Sky watchers discovered a new star.
The transduction of acoustic waves into voltages by a microphone.
A source of valuable insights and sapient advice to educators.
A good mechanic.
A maladjusted child.
Normal word order.
A bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age.
Counterfeit works of art.
The rear part of the house.
The judges all wigged and robed.
Even firing at close range he missed.
Multifarious interests.
They were concentrated in pockets inside the city.
A new budget of unaccustomed austerity.
Aristocratic features.
The cat came out from under the bed.
The ejection of troublemakers by the police.
The shingles were weathered by the sun and wind.
The ship sails on.
Historical scholars.
Map the genes.
The rebels had salted the fields with mines and traps.
He could not conceal his hostility.
The many protestations did not stay the execution.
Stir the soil.
A dress with batwing sleeves.
A flowering plant.
Earthquakes originate far below the surface.
An unfortunate decision.
A conscious policy.
The profoundness of his ignorance.
A charitable trust.
Funerary urn.
Getting admitted to the college of your choice has become a crapshoot.
A pretty mess.
Eternal truths will be neither true nor eternal unless they have fresh meaning for every new social situation.
Remove postoperatively.
What seemed corporal melted as breath into the wind.
Syncopate a word.
An unaffected grace.
The economic outlook is depressing.
Sympathetic and nonjudgmental.
Sometimes she wished she were back in England.
An indirect cause.
Within living memory.
Antique papers of entrancing design.
They always raise the audio for commercials.
Muffled drums.
The mayor threw out the first ball.
This is a harmlessly childish game.
If my partner has a spade stopper I can bid no trump.
There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity.
It's a shambolic system.
May the Stars and Stripes forever wave.
Dead capital.
Biological weapons are considered too inhumane to be used.
A multidimensional phase space.
Right of search.
He behaves very paternally toward his young bride.
At last he knew the truth.
A fruitless search.
Conditional acceptance of the terms.
The President's wife is an eminence grise in matters of education.
Unflappable in a crisis.
Hoop vats.
The base of the lamp.
The appellate court demanded the production of all documents.
Cluster bombs cannot be targeted precisely.
An extensile tongue.
Clubs were trumps.
Hold your breath.
Unbelt your trousers.
Radiolucent tissues.
Thankfully he didn't come to the party.
National forests.
People knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages.
Have a feeling.
Spread the bread with cheese.
In his trouser's pocket.
A plucked chicken.
They dipped into the taxpayers' pockets.
A carefully laid table with places set for four people.
There was no meeting of minds.
Wholly undismayed by the commercial failure of the three movies he had made.
An overdelicate digestive system.
A metal stamper.
Buck the trend.
A tyrannical government.
Envious of their art collection.
An impressive ceremony.
The undeserving poor.
Religious iconography.
He is one hell of a jumper.
A spiral chambered seashell.
Dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
No one can live forever.
She hates me, that's about the size of it.
Stretch the soup by adding some more cream.
A torrid love affair.
All my stock assets have vaporized.
The teacher gave him a talking to.
Pigs were wallowing in the mud.
In England a popsicle is called an ice lolly.
They speak a strange dialect.
Use your common sense.
They are presently attempting to gain a foothold in the Russian market.
The guard delivered the criminal to the police.
An opportunity opened up.
According to quantum theory only certain energy levels are possible.
Return a compliment.
An indoor setting.
The involved muscles.
Picket the goat.
Dinge a soft hat.
He kept the title to his car in the glove compartment.
There is plenty of parking behind the store.
Next in line.
Strategically placed artillery.
They set the measure for all subsequent work.
Purple tyrant.
How dull and dreary the world is.
It was a routine day.
Puerile jokes.
He imported wine by the boatload.
Where never is heard a discouraging word.
Satellites in orbital rotation.
The wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead.
Substitute regular milk with fat-free milk.
The car bottomed out where the driveway meets the road.
He stood on the rocky prominence.
A house full of light-haired children.
It is ludicrous to call a cottage a mansion.
A better coat.
The manuscript is not rubricated.
The head of the whole operation.
She doesn't feel first-rate today.
The still of the night.
The worn pockets on the jacket.
A theatrical pose.
Aphids are transmitters of plant diseases.
His bellow filled the hallway.
An unequivocal success.
The operations in building a house.
A pell-mell dash for the train.
Comprehensive coverage.
Grown lank with fasting.
Inwardly, she was raging.
Binocular vision.
Stood watching intently.
His decision merited the approval of any sensible person.
Perishable foods such as butter and fruit.
He stared darkly at her.
An emotionally charged speech.
A common-law right.
A trap door that made me curious.
Chok'd with ambition of the meaner sort.
A total disaster.
The cinema relies on apparent motion.
A multilingual nation.
Investigation showed that he was in the clear.
Grim rainy weather.
You can be dead sure of my innocence.
A bruising experience.
Liable to diabetes.
Pretty if not actually beautiful.
The discovered behavior norms.
A negative number.
A subject of voluminous legislation.
She smiled softly.
A favorable balance of payments exists when more payments are coming in than going out.
Seduce the unwary reader into easy acquiescence.
Box the gift, please.
Mystical religion.
The reverberant booms of cannon.
The mansion seemed grandly large by today's standards.
The court found divestiture to be necessary in preventing a monopoly.
The water was purling.
A slack rope.
His statement was tantamount to an admission of guilt.
The election was a nip and tuck affair.
The clickety-clack of the typewriters.
Beat the drum.
Let them match their best athletes against ours.
Furious winds.
Slip on one's shoes.
The road to fame.
Permanent secretary to the president.
Mere rhetorical frippery.
Metrically, these poems are matched.
A nuclear holocaust.
Sparkling light from the shivering crystals of the chandelier.
His marks were not at all discreditable.
A genuinely good person.
An early warning.
Fresh fruit are railed from Italy to Belgium.
An official under fire for mismanagement.
Certain lenses are bicylindrical.
A locker that usually contained paper, ink, and suchlike equipment.
The dilation of the pupil of the eye.
The army made a push toward the sea.
Magnetic forces.
The cells of a honeycomb.
The inflamed clouds at sunset.
Foul-mouthed and blasphemous.
This job doesn't match my dreams.
Till the soil.
Massive silver.
The film was shot on location.
An objection that is immaterial after the fact.
They turned their heads questioningly, as if awaiting further instructions.
Jolly decent of him.
An animated and expressive face.
Cast the decisive vote.
It will be variably cloudy.
She knew many repellents to his advances.
The law is still in effect.
She was a surpassingly beautiful woman.
Dirty money.
He opened a do-it-yourself store.
Gregarious bird species.
Abject surrender.
Voiceprints are uniquely characteristic of individual speakers.
Leave off where you started.
She sat on the edge of the bed.
A congregation is a vehicle of group identity.
The twigs hereof are physic.
The play of light on the water.
Our distinguished professor.
He arranged his robes to avoid a trip-up later.
Extrinsic evidence.
Respiratory activity.
The pressure activates the tripper and releases the water.
There is considerable dispute among specialists concerning infantile autism.
The plan required great hardiness of heart.
De-escalate a crisis.
He developed a version of slot grammar.
Strawberries are hardy and easy to grow.
A rare appearance.
He is a floor trader.
A knowing attempt to defraud.
A subtractive correction.
A dead battery.
Hundreds of miles were railed out here.
They migrated eastward to Sweden.
It is said that opposite characters make a union happiest.
He had made some money on the side.
A romantic adventure.
Rack a camera.
Ream oranges.
Homogenize the main ingredients.
The program brought an avalanche of mail.
Prepackaged foods.
He was sick of the humdrum of his fellow prisoners.
Explanatory notes.
Plant fish.
Bushy locks.
In intelligence he was head and shoulders above the others in his class.
He wrote an extended comment on the proposal.
The team was crushingly defeated.
Cloaked monks.
A figure carved in bold relief.
Tangible property like real estate.
The GIA has embarked on a terrorist campaign of civilian massacres.
The extreme edge of town.
Graduation was a big day in his life.
Wire the addition to the house.
The valley of the Rhone is famous for its vineyards.
It is a crime to commit suicide.
The trig corporal in his jaunty cap.
The wino's poor befuddled mind.
Nucleated cells.
He had a fondness for whiskey.
She was unforbearing with the slower students.
A system for negative identification can prevent the use of multiple identities by a single person.
It left a mealy residue.
An advance party.
A decrease in the number of automobile fatalities.
The United States has pursued a beggar-my-neighbor policy.
Enlarged joints.
A merry blithesome nature.
The vagina is elastic enough to allow the passage of a fetus.
Doctors in antiseptic green coats.
He has a total blackout for events of the evening.
A natural sweetener.
The book still has its original binding.
The speaker made several references to his wife.
The house was substantially built.
The X-ray showed moderate enlargement of the heart.
They have a right nice place.
Lectured in a free-and-easy style.
Launch the space shuttle.
Chemicals could kill all the wildlife.
A carpet of flowers.
A reluctant smile.
Digital readout.
Released the prisoner for humanitarian reasons.
If it's good enough for you it's good enough for me.
The movement of cargo onto the vessel.
Unwholesome habits like smoking.
A significant change in the Constitution.
Masonic tools.
Haptic data.
A sharp drop.
Three hulking battleships.
The big ship wharfed in the evening.
Rough-edged leaves.
He has very conservatives values.
The Spenserian stanza was introduced by Edmund Spenser in The Faerie Queene.
His office was a hole-in-the-wall.
The incarnation of evil.
A refrigerant substance such as ice or solid carbon dioxide.
He served his country meritoriously.
Phrenology was an antecedent of modern neuroscience.
Torpid frogs.
Facilitative changes in the economic structure.
He made a mint on the stock market.
A visible object.
She was clearly the gainer in that exchange.
A note payable on demand.
He received royalties on his book.
With its sails afoul.
Glad of the fire's warmth.
Religiously inspired art.
The ball rimmed the basket.
Hot for travel.
An allergic reaction.
A bustling city.
Administrative body.
The biauricular diameter of the skull.
The crudeness of frontier dwellings depressed her.
Undocumented tax deductions.
Hopelessly spoiled by a fond mother.
The importance of a well-balanced diet.
Laudable motives of improving housing conditions.
He had surgery for the removal of a malignancy.
He confessed dramatically.
They had sex in the back seat.
One of the excused jurors planned to write a book.
Dark subfusc clothing.
A stupendous field of grass.
Had only an imperfect understanding of his responsibilities.
Two animals of one species.
They fell into a conversational rut.
Universal chuck.
A letter shot through with the writer's personality.
After the dance the littered and lifeless ballroom echoed hollowly.
A deep well.
It is sure as shooting that they will come.
He clung to the past determinedly.
Loud thunder.
Lazy white clouds.
Judicious use of one's money.
He continued after a perceptible pause.
A badly stained tablecloth.
It is cheaper to buy it in bulk.
A nickel-and-dime operation run out of a single rented room.
The tree split with a great ripping sound.
Devilled eggs.
The base of the triangle.
Quiet peace-loving people.
Trench the fallen soldiers.
Quite a walk.
You look a little peaked.
The media's characterization of Al Gore as a nerd.
They applied for an extension of the loan.
An even application of varnish.
Slosh paint all over the walls.
Some people seem born to be square and chunky.
The Guyanese capital.
Took the joke well.
There was a small ceremony for the hanging of the portrait.
Eager helpers.
They hoped it would act as a spiritual dynamic on all churches.
A ferocious beating.
He drank heavily.
A lucky man.
A discreet silence.
An easy problem.
Saliferous formations.
Small aerial creatures such as butterflies.
Deep-seated differences of opinion.
Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities.
The whole town was famous for its crudeness.
The new policy will be a pacesetter in community relations.
We watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully.
A major hurricane.
Enchanting music.
A short-haired dog.
Unremedied errors.
The sentence was devoid of meaning.
He's no slouch when it comes to baseball.
Trump up charges.
Natural fertilizers.
When he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan horse.
The diagonalization of a normal matrix by a unitary transformation.
Sane nuclear policy.
Appointive powers.
He was at bat when it happened.
Doubt was expressed as to the good faith of the immigrants.
He looked for her in vain.
Kangaroos pronk.
He thought of answering with the truth but he knew they wouldn't believe it.
Bronze baby shoes.
He got a phone call from his lawyer that tensed him up.
Penetrated deep into enemy territory.
Some creepy kids were bothering her.
A loveless childhood.
Short in stature.
A plant having antrorse hairs on the stem.
A cum laude graduate.
The poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.
The cancer had metastasized and the patient could not be saved.
A single chicken was scratching forlornly in the yard.
It was a strong argument that his hypothesis was true.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
Glad to get out of the house with my throat uncut.
A shy unassertive person.
Wherever he went in the camp the men were grumbling.
Ironically, he ended up losing money under his own plan.
Clinch a deal.
More presciently than they superiors, these workers grasped the economic situation.
A discredited politician.
The effects of the drought are apparent to anyone who sees the parched fields.
His contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau.
The sun has no distinct surface.
They dug into the earth outside the church.
Let's review your situation.
A unique dining experience.
A rusty machine.
Ballistic missile.
He emptied out a shoeful of water.
Necessity lends wings to inspiration.
Hear our prayers, Heavenly Father.
Those issues have no bearing on our situation.
A ready source of cash.
A surgical procedure.
She managed to live rather expansively on her modest income.
A dramatic soprano.
Unbroken colts.
The right man for the job.
A short life.
It was a put-up job.
Tessellate the kitchen floor.
The closing stages of the election.
My hand grasped the gun that was, miraculously, lying on the ground beside my finger tips.
There was a reshuffle of cabinet officers.
A closed meeting.
Dissent to the laws of the country.
A conspiratorial whisper.
Recall the defective auto tires.
His hands lay loosely.
A light heart.
An undependable generalization.
The car had white sidewalls.
Daub paint onto the wall.
Incapable of carrying a tune.
He could sing all of Gilbert and Sullivan.
The simple sincerity of folk songs.
A vapid conversation.
A salt apology.
After fishing for an hour he still had not had a bite.
Ophthalmic defect.
Direct heredity.
The teachings of religion.
Top-grade ore.
His exposure to ridicule.
Private correspondence.
String beans.
A bottomless lake.
The data have been uniformized.
They traded a few nothings as they parted.
The Shakespearean Shylock is of dubious value in the modern world.
A discontinued magazine.
A lapsed Catholic.
A frenzied look in his eye.
Refer to your notes.
An interfacial layer.
The most numinous moment in the Mass.
He was held in confinement.
Three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water.
He became a figure of fun.
Strengthen the relations between the two countries.
He thinks and theorizes all day.
Float a ship.
He jabbed his finger into her ribs.
Play the stock market.
The bluejay's insistent cry.
Fine rain.
The salts calcified the rock.
Sleep and food and water are among the biogenic needs of the organism.
It took more than half my time.
With an inadvertent gesture she swept the vase off the table.
Her exquisite face.
A hurried job.
The innocencies of childhood.
Healthy and normal outlets for youthful energy.
Measure the perpendicular height.
They had pathetically little money.
Classical Greek.
It was bitterly cold.
Indecorous behavior.
Ecological research.
An untraversed region.
A studied smile.
The Lutheran doctrine of justification by faith alone.
The bat met the ball squarely.
Was big with child.
An adscititious habit rather than an inherent taste.
An overly strict and inhibiting discipline.
The easygoing life of a parttime consultant.
Appalling conditions.
Troubled teenagers.
The very extensiveness of his power was a temptation to abuse it.
An unsteady voice.
Close to noon.
A crook in the path.
Entozoic worms.
Enrobe the nuts with chocolate.
He wrote the book primarily for economic reasons.
He's a principal actor in this affair.
Gladiatorial combats.
Set up an experiment.
She has an eye for fresh talent.
Stripes characteristic of the zebra.
Conquer a country.
Irenic without being namby-pamby.
Conflicting opinions.
Bushwhacking guerrillas attacking from ambush.
He looked at her accusingly.
Shortsighted policies.
Well-funded research.
A pathological liar.
Right center field.
He is his own boss now.
Worn threads on the screw.
They eat more than they should.
He could feel the shimmy in the steering wheel.
Individualism is in danger of being swamped by a kind of corporatism.
The primary subtractive colors for light are magenta, cyan, and yellow.
Symbolizing kingly power.
They always sat on the right side of the church.
A novel with a contrived ending.
Graze the skin.
Any rotating body has an angular momentum about its center of mass.
A burst of applause.
Sordid material interests.
The novel attained the status of a classic.
The skirt had a wide flare.
It is almost a waste of time painstakingly to learn the routines of selling.
A flat cola.
Dangling their legs in the water to catch pretend fish.
Hospitable invitations.
He became demandingly dominant over the years.
Saw a vague outline of a building through the fog.
Clearly indisposed to grant their request.
A live bomb.
He gave only a crumb of information about his plans.
He was superficially interested.
A city in which communism and democracy had to live side by side.
We moved south.
A three-way playoff.
Uncrowned teeth badly in need of attention.
The simple passage of time was enough.
Exert oneself.
He shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long.
Nurses clad in white.
He consulted several mediums.
A local bus line.
The blasting force of the wind blowing sharp needles of sleet in our faces.
The article was a very good read.
After cautious sashays into the field.
Had been ostensibly frank as to his purpose while really concealing it.
He took the dogs for an airing.
A well-argued thesis.
Straighten hair.
The beautiful coordination of his disciplined muscles.
The lead times for many publications can vary tremendously.
A week of rainy depressing weather.
Infrahuman animals.
A correctable image.
My younger brother often tagged along when I went out with my friends.
Metallic luster.
An illegal chess move.
An outside margin.
A dry cough.
The engine reciprocates the propeller.
Drip-dry shirts for travel.
A confidential mission to London.
Young recruits destitute of experience.
Synesthetic metaphor.
He read it in yesterday's edition of the Times.
His sloppy appearance made a bad impression.
A nonharmonic note.
His office is the third door down the hall on the left.
An awkward prose style.
The boss gave me his A-list of people we should try to recruit.
The sounding cataract haunted me like a passion.
The space between his teeth.
There's dirty weather in the offing.
We are gone geese.
A homing beacon.
Bicentennial celebration.
It is possible to be outspoken without being rude.
One idea squares with another.
Vocalic segments.
It's time for you to put away childish things.
The golden calf.
Spastic movements.
The paper flicked.
Privy to the details of the conspiracy.
Subdued lighting.
The road was closed to vehicular traffic with bollards.
The fighting was heavy.
Pukka sahib.
He wants to reconstruct the original text.
Heavy seas.
A ship's bottom sheathed in copper.
A patch of bad weather.
He made an honest woman of her.
Impatient to begin.
In direct sunlight.
They were behaving abnormally.
Drifts of naturalized daffodils.
A jealous lover.
He met his waterloo.
A mangy carpet.
A male infant.
The fine structure results from slightly different energy levels.
Microscopic analysis.
The first phase of his training.
Firm upholders of tradition.
In bridge you must follow suit.
City kids get to see the country at a summer camp.
Long tapering fingers.
Ministerial decree.
Despite of some mishaps, everything went swimmingly.
Increasing prices.
Progressing in severity as though a cascade of genetic damage was occurring.
Permanent address.
Conform to the rules.
Mark homework.
A tasty morsel.
Naturally begotten child.
Automatic transmission.
Excuse someone's behavior.
Smarmy self-importance.
Bone the turkey before roasting it.
Rotten floor boards.
Keep the faith.
Glad that they succeeded.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love.
They put the question to a vote.
The stalwart citizens at Lexington.
The red brilliance of the claret shines transparently in our glasses.
Ate a light supper.
Griddle pancakes.
Went off with springless steps.
The moral and material welfare of all good citizens.
There is no guarantee that they are not lying.
The word is a basic linguistic unit.
The agreement was a triumph for common sense.
Medicinal properties.
A place setting of sterling flatware.
The fertilizer leached into the ground.
A few more wagons than usual.
Bears are asocial secretive animals.
After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat.
We live in a litigious age.
A Gallic shrug.
Thermic energy.
The efficient cause of the revolution.
Appetitive needs.
Reasonable prices.
She was in line for promotion.
A stickler for promptness.
There's a drip through the roof.
Damning with faint praise.
Dental floss.
He is no better today.
An inheritable title.
Forced heartiness.
Reflected glory.
Entertain interesting notions.
A bend in the road.
Pay a debt.
Bring out a book.
Exchange employees between branches of the company.
Holds a firm position as the country's leading poet.
Sheer wine.
He put his best foot foremost.
A precocious child.
A mental case.
He guessed right.
The carpenter jointed two pieces of wood.
An unoffending motorist should not have been stopped.
That's cool.
Pathogenic bacteria.
The various reports all agreed.
Infernal noise.
Point the letter.
Whose beard with age is hoar.
Frontal rainfall.
Doing a brisk business.
They cut down a stand of trees.
Dig out a channel.
Newspapers of the day printed long wordy editorials.
Participial inflections.
He took driving lessons.
A troop of children.
Unpaved rural roads.
She did not expect the cold reception she received from her superiors.
A thickly populated area.
The attack wiped out our forward bases.
He was upstage with strangers.
She already had several performances to her credit.
He felt a throbbing in his head.
Between two consonants, this liquid is vowelized.
Although I disagreed with him I could follow the tenor of his argument.
A bona fide offer.
Corrective measures.
Troubled by the worsened economic conditions.
This should cover everyone in the group.
His assumption of office coincided with the trouble in Cuba.
Floating ribs are not connected with the sternum.
Ease the pain in your legs.
The bottle had a wide neck.
Our southern women are well-favored.
On the rearward side.
An open texture.
A homicidal rage.
Yin and yang together produce everything that comes into existence.
Round off the amount.
Take time to smell the roses.
The work could be done or undone and nobody cared.
Energy advected from the environment.
Get ready.
Enter a drug treatment program.
Alterable clothing.
He enjoyed the evening light across the lake.
A godforsaken wilderness crossroads.
Her amatory affairs.
An orchard of considerable extent.
Anecdotal conversation.
The child's unnatural interest in death.
Today will be fair and warm.
An umpire was appointed to settle the tax case.
Neither national nor continental but planetary.
A sloppy room.
Have a postdoc.
Our salaries put together couldn't pay for the damage.
A parlous journey on stormy seas.
Obsessed by things elfin and small.
The correct answer.
Testimonial dinner.
The local seemed to take forever to get to New York.
His slide didn't stop until the bottom of the hill.
Danger heightened his powers of discrimination.
He had sunk to the depths of addiction.
The auditor was required to produce his working papers.
The value of his stocks doubled during the past year.
A serpentine wall.
No suspect has been found to date.
A living language.
Maritime farmers.
The nomination was brief and to the point.
Thickset trees.
Defensive weapons.
Textual analysis.
A circle is an ellipse with zero eccentricity.
A house aglow with lights.
A fanciful pattern with intertwined vines and flowers.
A vacant mind.
He detected a ghost of a smile on her face.
He led a small club.
The bare skeleton of a novel.
Their relationship was of an indeterminably vague nature.
The amoral, jaded, bored upper classes.
A surgeon's delicate touch.
He was the toast of the town.
We are animate beings.
Every good mechanic has a large bag of tricks.
The trackless wastes of the desert.
Racist remarks.
It was a narrow defeat.
Silver bracelets.
A clean getaway.
Unmask the imposter.
Fatty tissue protected them from the severe cold.
It may peradventure be thought that there never was such a time.
None of her sisters would betray her.
Deflate the currency.
The solution alkalized.
A chronic invalid.
A glib response to a complex question.
The child clung desperately to her mother.
Elected to serve ad interim.
Happiness is the aim of all men and the motor of all action.
Devout wishes for their success.
The shell of a sessile barnacle is attached directly to a substrate.
The working group was supposed to report back in two weeks.
Turn aside.
A perverted sense of loyalty.
Deserved a better fate.
Refrigerate this medicine.
The interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors.
Her new name and passport are cover for her next assignment.
Heat therapy gave the best relief.
The job of repairing the engine took several hours.
They considered colonialism immoral.
We sat up all night.
This money had been queerly come by.
Unveil a painting.
He shot his roll on a bob-tailed nag.
Fiercely independent individualism.
There was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed.
The portals of the cathedral.
It is high time you went to work.
His wife gave a recital of his infidelities.
Teaching history gave him a special point of view toward current events.
They had a high estimation of his ability.
He had a special knack for getting into trouble.
Heroic sculpture.
The following items.
An otherwise hopeless situation.
Impale a shrimp on a skewer.
Nervous disease.
Terrorist acts that shocked the civilized world.
Furtive behavior.
Migrants are likely to be poor and underemployed.
Irremovable boulders.
She carried out the sink slops.
A beautiful outdoor setting for the wedding.
By main strength.
In the near future.
A school year.
Life is more than the pursuance of fame.
Thread a needle.
A remarkable achievement.
Deplorably dissipated and degraded.
Gingerly I raised the edge of the blanket.
A federal district is one set aside as the seat of the national government.
Feeling nettled from the constant teasing.
His face is twitching.
The car makers downsized the SUVs when fuel became very expensive.
Sputtering engines.
The need for informational flexibility can lead to adhocracy.
Clothes in quiet good taste.
See who could jump the farthest.
A severe case of flu.
The sketch was so largely drawn that you could see it from the back row.
A dry climate.
A lay opinion as to the cause of the disease.
We were lucky to be safe when the floodheads hit.
He goes south every winter for the golfing.
They found a bed of sandstone.
Unforested lands.
To close one's eyes like a complaisant husband whose wife has taken a lover.
Energy is far from a peripheral issue in the economy.
A digestive enzyme.
We searched the files thoroughly.
Misshapen old fingers.
The gunman blasted away.
Phenotypical profile.
A nickel bag of drugs.
The people are friendly hereabouts.
Wore a goofy hat.
A well-spoken gentleman.
Swab the ship's decks.
The room was abuzz over the latest scandal.
A rough-textured tweed.
At incredible speed.
Therefore X must be true.
Insular attitudes toward foreigners.
There was a congressional probe into the scandal.
The city fathers tried vainly to find a solution.
A collage of memories.
Refine sugar.
The traffic moved at a creep.
Training is a necessary preliminary to employment.
Throwaway children living on the streets.
Unrealized dreams and ambitions.
Nonrepetitive dance movements.
Park your bag in this locker.
A shameful display of cowardice.
A tyrannical parent.
Standard English.
A common friend.
The formation of memories.
Pad the seat of the chair.
A judge who is broad-minded but even-handed.
Electricity from the harnessed Colorado River.
The nomad life is rough and hazardous.
A distant third.
Biographical data.
He believed, naively, that she would leave him her money.
He hadn't had any love in months.
The primary colors for pigments are red, blue, and yellow.
They maintained close relations with England even after independence.
He had a great feeling for music.
Vain about her clothes.
A study in spiccato bowing.
The head of the humerus.
This letter is worded ambiguously.
Foul language.
Architectural history.
His scathing remarks about silly lady novelists.
Woeful errors of judgment.
Taffeta with shifting colors.
They glutted the market in order to cause a shakeout of their competitors.
A mature cell.
A fiddling sum of money.
The president no longer has the support of his own party.
His intentions are entirely honorable.
The kidney stones were removed ultrasonically.
An extended telescope.
The function distributes the values evenly.
Non-paying guests.
A telltale panel of lights.
People who were wrongfully imprisoned should be released.
A leeward tide is dangerous for small boats.
The arbor provided a shady resting place in the park.
Brought up to be aggressive and defiant.
A huge bank of earth.
Something demonic in him--something that could be cruel.
Only a handful of responses were received.
Too acquiescent to challenge authority.
Stem your skis.
All other sets are subsets of the universal set.
Low clouds.
A detached garage.
Stereoscopic vision.
Temporal matters of but fleeting moment.
Expressed views concordant with his background.
Libidinal impulses.
Deliver the package to my home.
A wad of money.
He altered the complexion of his times.
An insatiable demand for old buildings to restore.
The new administration's large tax cut was highly controversial.
Ironlike determination.
He tried to find out by indirection.
He tried to catch her eye.
People have been brewing beer for thousands of years.
A most persuasive speaker.
A fractious animal that would not submit to the harness.
In England they call one thousand million a milliard.
A triumphal success.
An indignant denial.
Saute the onions.
Elderly residents could remember the construction of the first skyscraper.
He was the hero according to his own relation.
The burdensome task of preparing the income tax return.
He flicked his Bic.
Tee two pipes.
A high-velocity shell.
A full-dress debate.
The finance section of the company.
A rewarding career as a paramedic.
The formation of crystals.
An embattled city.
A sort of unofficial mayor.
She thinks she has no soul, no interior life, but the truth is that she has no access to it.
Glue the two parts together.
Play water from a hose.
Parcel rope.
Taken hostage of desperate men.
It was great to feel my baby moving about inside.
Divide the cake into three equal parts.
Fry the pancakes.
They are on the same wavelength.
Let's have more work and less talk around here.
He studied the entire Wagnerian oeuvre.
An acquisitive society in which the craving for material things seems never satisfied.
Wild parties.
Control your anger.
She earned a surprising amount of money.
A succession of generals who ruled by usurpation.
An archiepiscopal see.
Radiosensitive cancer cells can be treated with radiotherapy.
The next president.
Unprofessional repairs.
An epoch-making discovery.
The visual deception of trompe-l'oeil art.
The encircled pioneers.
The plague wiped out an entire population.
A man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps.
Institutionally controlled.
This time he succeeded.
Underclass mothers and children.
She admitted publicly to being a communist.
The urbanized Eastern states.
Philosophical resignation.
An adoptive country.
To face a problem squarely.
Bate hides and skins.
He was fined for littering.
The view from the peak was magnificent.
Irony is wasted on the stupid.
Marketable skills.
The brain was protected from the large molecules of the virus by the blood-brain barrier.
The family was numerous.
The sun shone through a rift in the clouds.
His voice fell to a whisper.
She got a run in her stocking.
A contumaceous witness is subject to punishment.
He wondered bleakly.
A numinous wood.
It was not altogether her fault.
A jaunty red hat.
The authorities have issued a curfew.
An ambidextrous surgeon.
He popped the question on Sunday night.
A balking.
Merely a dull rehash of his first novel.
An impalpable pulse.
Inundated farmlands.
Shovel sand.
We sat on rocks in a shadowy cove.
Twinkling stars.
A man distinguished by the largeness and scope of his views.
There were millions of flies.
A very natural development.
Came upon the diamond unawares.
A granitic fist.
Buoyant balsawood boats.
Naturally, the lawyer sent us a huge bill.
His long face lugubriously reflecting a hidden and unexpressed compassion.
At that early age she had been gullible and in love.
He left an indelible mark on the American theater.
Potentially confusable senses of words.
The union came to the table with a whole grocery list of demands.
Outre and affected stage antics.
Helium and argon are monatomic gases.
The bayous and backwaters are breeding grounds for mosquitos.
Hit the ball hard.
An archaeological dig.
Nominative shares of stock.
A vindictive man will look for occasions for resentment.
A joint identity.
The church welcomed new members into its fellowship.
Beg money and food.
Wild tribes.
Cats have retractile claws.
He signed up for a week's car hire.
A union of loosely federated states.
He can hear the snap of a twig.
The right way to open oysters.
A pedunculate flower.
Turned red from exertion.
A literal depiction of the scene before him.
He ran flat out to catch the bus.
Rotary dial.
The distance from birth to death.
An appeal to raise money for starving children.
These apples are good eaters.
He finished an inglorious last.
Interracially restrictive.
She had only had four days' warning before leaving Berlin.
The transition was almost indiscernible.
She was the mother of many offspring.
Her husband and mother-in-law tyrannize her.
The relative security of the gay ghetto.
The car wouldn't start because dirt clogged the gas line.
A simple problem.
Several people were injured in the accident.
Dig coal.
Fit for duty.
A five-pound beef heart will serve six.
A house set on a hilltop.
Stark staring mad.
A solid block of wood.
A penetrating odor.
He wanted a special stone to mark the site.
Effleurage of the abdomen is used in the Lamaze method of childbirth.
The articulation of the radius and ulna in the arm is a pivot joint.
He speaks French after a fashion.
Syntactically ill-formed.
An acerbic tone piercing otherwise flowery prose.
A rootless wanderer.
Music is the only sensual pleasure without vice.
The very easiness of the deed held her back.
Married above her station.
A mini dress.
His planning for retirement was hindered by several uncertainties.
A passing glance.
He had the hands of a surgeon.
A grateful heart.
Rank jungle vegetation.
A cowled monk.
Hoist the flags.
The knocker thudded against the front door.
Machicolate the castle walls.
Faggot up the sticks.
He wanted his portrait painted but couldn't spare time for the sitting.
Each party is welcome.
The agency was created for the implementation of the policy.
A false friend.
Received confirmed reports of casualties.
The starting signal was a green light.
Dealt straightforwardly with all issues.
The titled classes.
She did her work, but she did so complainingly.
An advanced country technologically.
They systematically excluded women.
Well-to-do members of the community.
The elicitation of his testimony was not easy.
They formed a small lunch society.
His boy is taller than he is.
He speaks French with a trace of an accent.
The jury found him not guilty by reason of insanity.
Carved cedarn doors.
Frostbitten grapes unsalable as fresh fruit.
The premiere showing.
Brassbound party loyalists.
An affirmative nod.
So many head of cattle.
Lilies of the valley are racemose.
A banner year for the company.
She kicked him in the balls and got away.
A violent fight over the bill is expected in the Senate.
The very picture of a modern general.
Was a big tipper.
The houses were jumbled together cheek by jowl.
Their understanding of the world is not so dissimilar from our own.
Most vertebrates are stereospondylous.
We were walking around in the garden.
The sight of that bland, impregnably righteous face has been enough to make their blood run cold.
A Stoic achieves happiness by submission to destiny.
Fall into a trap.
The Victorian era redux.
A quiet audience at the concert.
He is quite the crowd pleaser.
He was talking deliriously.
Neatly dressed workers.
An untouched cocktail in her hand.
They rehearsed the scene again.
Heedful of the warnings.
Archaic laws.
The explanation was circuitous and puzzling.
A fissionable nucleous.
Painting and the related arts.
A number of factors determined the outcome.
The past year.
He heard the whiz of bullets near his head.
Beads of sweat on his forehead.
Thanks to the gracious gods.
He was through with school and he was through with family.
The two sofas face each other.
Caught by a couple of alert cops.
Olden days.
His delicate health.
He was filled with humility at the sight of the Pope.
He determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs.
A crackle glaze.
He is musically illiterate.
Construct a proof.
If you drop a match in there the whole place will explode.
A gay sunny room.
A hopeful new singer on Broadway.
The flexuous bed of the stream.
At the last minute the government changed the rules.
A posthumous book.
Suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby.
A diet high in protein.
A pretentious fraud.
Automation increases productivity.
Divine guidance.
When a student made a stupid mistake he spared them no abuse.
Daily, hourly, I grew stronger.
Cats were his greatest antipathy.
As unperceptive as a boulder.
Managed the employees in an aloof magisterial way.
The war intervened between the birth of her two children.
Sitting primly with uncrossed legs.
Mercurial twists of temperament.
Recharge a battery.
A more clement judge reduced the sentence.
Sneak a look.
He believed all the Marxist dogma.
Took a long view of the geopolitical issues.
They were much in evidence during the fighting.
To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony.
The mean annual rainfall.
Summary justice.
Is wrapped up in his family.
With dry eyes.
A finicky eater.
His death marked the ending of an era.
He dropped a case of type, so they made him pick them up.
Honorable service to his country.
Divine afflatus.
Clear the water before it can be drunk.
He always arrives on the eve of her departure.
He was waiting for them at the rendezvous.
The darkened margins of the paper.
Fine-grained rock.
Attenuation in the volume of the sound.
A multipurpose tool.
Set the rules.
He acted irresponsibly.
A voluptuously curved woman.
The actual attained achievement test score.
They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory.
The broken syntax and casual enunciation of conversational English.
This may land you in jail.
Achromatize the lenses.
We sent them food and some clothing went along in the package.
Contemporary leaders.
A graduate student taught sections for the professor's lecture course.
The tribesmen fought each other.
Vegetational cover.
Block a nerve.
His treatment of the children is an abomination.
Unswerving allegiance.
Concert one's differences.
Growing fatigue was apparent from the decline in the execution of their athletic skills.
Applauding the unveiled statue of Winston Churchill.
A viselike grip.
A shabbily dressed man.
A panicled inflorescence.
She observes the hijab and does not wear tight clothing.
Grim necessity.
Workers in unskilled occupations are finding fewer and fewer job opportunities.
The legal status of same-sex marriages has been hotly debated.
Button the dress.
Wedding cake.
A steady beat.
He looked at his professor perplexedly.
He behaved outrageously.
The difference in her is amazing.
Selling the company caused an earthquake among the employees.
The supernatant fat was skimmed off.
A voluminous skirt.
The responsibility lies squarely with them.
Able teachers.
Vulcanized rubber.
The wearer of the crown.
An endless chain.
A smooth road.
Strip wood.
Stewed in its petty provincialism untouched by the brisk debates that stirred the old world.
The horse's glossy coat.
Vaccines are prophylactic.
His library was a cluttered room with piles of books on every chair.
A heavy grade.
It set the stage for peaceful negotiations.
Specimens of graphic art found among extant barbaric folk.
The golden summer of his life.
The etiolation of the critical tradition.
Spin a coin.
For years tobacco companies have contended that tobacco is nonaddictive.
He had to show his pass in order to get out.
Not many calls for buggywhips.
That result is of no consequence.
The prisoners came out one by one.
A tougher and more redoubtable adversary than the heel-clicking, jackbooted fanatic.
The job is executable for two million dollars.
The Spanish ships had superior speed and weatherliness.
The preemption of bandwidth by commercial interests.
The aesthetic faculties.
Gave it little thought.
Seeds clogged together.
Broil fish.
Stationary machinery.
It suddenly spewed out a thick green concoction.
Practically orientated institutions such as business schools.
Rumbling thunder.
Dreadful manners.
Tap a source of money.
A proven liar.
Hepatic cirrhosis.
Undiscovered islands.
Flighting wild geese.
The leakiness of the boat made it dangerous to use.
Editorial column.
A bombardment of mail complaining about his mistake.
Enlarged adenoids may restrict the breathing of children.
Mince the garlic.
Childproof locks.
The coach sent in a passing play on third and long.
No idea how overweening he would be.
A methodical scholar.
Speak softly but carry a big stick.
Sorrow made the eyes of many grow liquid.
Shoot cloth.
They showed him a paste-up of the book jacket.
The mother talked soothingly to her child.
True hackers subscribe to a code of ethics and look down upon crackers.
Parents and teachers alike demanded reforms.
Well-informed readers.
He used a handcart to carry the rocks away.
He's a four-striper.
Formal dress.
Substantial equivalents.
Fleetness of foot.
Maplelike leaves.
Roads that lead therefrom.
This theory is rather shakily supported by some obscure data.
A professional field such as law.
A far far better thing that I do.
Reflected heat.
The prudent use and development of resources.
The soloist sang unaccompanied.
Raised serious objections to the proposal.
Beat the egg whites.
Only the very rich benefit from this legislation.
The justification of barbarous means by holy ends.
He stated his case clearly.
This is globally significant.
Wailful bagpipes.
He tried to talk between munches on the sandwich.
It was a leviathan among redwoods.
His Utopia is not a chimerical commonwealth but a practical improvement on what already exists.
Felt tongue-tied with embarrassment.
We time the process to manufacture our cars very precisely.
It takes several people to work the farm.
They performed a cappella.
His principal opponent unblushingly declared victory before the ballots had been counted.
Endorse a new project.
The horse that won the race is a good stayer.
An array of troops in battle order.
The basin of the Great Salt Lake.
The sulfurous bite of garlic.
The exam looked deceptively easy.
My brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne.
Frozen assets.
The terms he used were imprecise and emotional.
He wore a worsted suit.
The coup disposed of the dictator bloodlessly.
A committed Marxist.
A partitive construction.
Four and four make eight.
Purification through repentance.
A glazed ham.
He was suddenly aware of the lowness of the ceiling.
An issue open to question.
You shouldn't be up here.
A cosmopolitan herb.
Obstreperous boys.
He used a spinner as his troll.
A smoking fireplace.
A nice lady at the library helped me.
He got a refill of his prescription.
A unified utility system.
Faith is his anchor.
A dank cellar.
Used devious means to achieve success.
Suffering from exposure to toxic substances.
He seldom got three square meals a day.
Signed a pledge never to reveal the secret.
So far as it is reasonably practical he should practice restraint.
He tried to understand their system of classification.
Chalk dust covered the teacher's hands.
A high-toned restaurant.
His unsullied name.
When Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe.
The organ of the communist party.
They shot the film on location in Nevada.
Inconceivably small.
The splendid coronation ceremony.
How cunningly the olive-green dress with its underskirt of rose-brocade fitted her perfect figure.
A laundry truck stops by every week.
An old house with dirty windows and tatty curtains.
Something unnerving and prisonlike about high grey wall.
The scent is warm.
Mesic habitats.
A thumping loss.
Heavy investor.
Shoot a movie.
They criticized my judgment of the contestants.
We live in vexed and troubled times.
Deep massage.
There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water.
Water trickled onto the lawn from the broken hose.
Disposable paper cups.
Looking for extrinsic aid.
Barreled beer.
Vitreous silica.
A dumpy little dumpling of a woman.
As an experiment he decided to grow a beard.
Polyphonically composed.
Began the slide show with some introductory remarks.
The combination to the safe was a secret.
Black lost the exchange.
A girl's education was less important than a boy's.
They stood on high and observed the countryside.
Redeemable stocks and bonds.
Hazardous duty.
When he yawned I could see the gold fillings in his teeth.
Consumptive fires.
In Holland he lived incognito as a carpenter in the shipyards of the East India company.
A minuscule kitchen.
Indescribable beauty.
An elocutionary Oxonian delivery.
The glorification of God.
A kind of splendiferous native simplicity.
When there is no wind, row.
Curled his lip in a supercilious smile.
Higher learning.
We should consider this problem from the viewpoint of the Russians.
Socially accepted norms.
Every politician has a following of janissaries.
Uneven spacing.
He had unrecognizably aged.
Counter conditioning lies behind many of the procedures used in behavior therapy.
A heart condition.
Process cheese.
They waited stock-still outside the door.
Thick cream.
A bend of his elbow.
A merry evening.
Fat waddlers who walk like pigeons.
Added amendatory phrases to the text.
Theories about the extinction of dinosaurs are still highly conjectural.
He was aflame with desire.
Active as a gazelle.
Slander is an actionable offense.
This internationally known writer was foully condemned by the Muslim fundamentalists.
Paschal lamb.
Etherify an alcohol.
In a fiduciary capacity.
A toxic penetrative spray applied to the surface.
Lead, iron, copper, tin, and zinc are base metals.
Roused him from his kip.
Direct your anger towards others, not towards yourself.
Hoped secretly she would change her mind.
She has a wealth of talent.
A potent toxin.
Syllabic accent.
A univalent chromosome.
He made his escape from the mental hospital.
War was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring.
A provisory clause.
A shrill yet sweet tenuity of voice.
Unpaid extras in the documentary.
His quick adeptness was a product of good design.
He's family.
An intended insult.
The canescent moon.
An antineoplastic effect.
The vagina receives the penis during coitus.
Sacrificial lamb.
Carpetbag adventurers.
Spiritual tappings at a seance.
Soldiers with guns at the ready.
Such erratic behavior was out of the way for him.
Poetic insight.
The child showed signs of physical abuse.
The student who had betrayed his classmate was dissed by everyone.
Scrotal testes.
They retreated in the face of withering enemy fire.
A negative evaluation.
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
Bicuspid teeth.
Her petite figure.
The function iterates.
The stylish resort of Gstadd.
Socialized ownership.
As I said before.
You didn't give me enough notice.
Her beauty is only skin-deep.
Sent to jail for two years, he has quixotically refused to clear himself by betraying his colleagues.
Crick your neck.
A big wind.
It is authentically British.
His leaden arms.
Children in an unstructured environment often feel insecure.
Repeated their dialog verbatim.
A real woman.
A game leg.
Unwilling to face facts.
Calendered paper.
Baseball is a team sport by golf is not.
Reciprocal trade.
Disenfrenchised masses took to the streets.
Described by an admiring nonresident as a green and pleasant land.
Deprivation of civil rights.
The tower of Pisa is far out of plumb.
Boys who once pulled rickshaws now pedal pedicabs.
It's a good thing that I wasn't there.
A mild winter storm.
Their rancor dated from a political dogfight between them.
The house was completed ahead of time.
A desert nomad's austere life.
Psychological warfare.
An introductory art course.
The tales seem more approachable than his more difficult novels.
A deal of trouble.
He had the gem set in a ring for his wife.
Too heartsick to fight back.
People came to see the candidates and hear the speechmaking.
The Missouri feeds into the Mississippi.
My straitlaced Aunt Anna doesn't approve of my miniskirts.
Immune from taxation as long as he resided in Bermuda.
The solution took hundreds of iterations.
We recommenced his reading after a short nap.
He ungrudgingly agreed to pay for everybody's dinner when the guests found themselves without cash.
The last issue of penicillin was over a month ago.
A bellyful of your complaints.
The Princess was gorgeously dressed.
She made the boy brush his teeth every night.
Undemocratically, he made all the important decisions without his colleagues.
Anecdotal evidence.
Grandparents often pamper the children.
Unwieldy rules and regulations.
An upright and respectable man.
Well-ordered work habits.
Eutherian mammals.
Brotherly feelings.
A wave of emotion swept over him.
A lifetime of meritorious service.
He gave the brat a good spanking.
A visible change of expression.
The bronchus is situated distally.
In a nasty mood.
Engorgement of the breast.
A residential requirement for the doctorate.
A silklike fabric.
They agreed about the difficulty of the climb.
The old man's gaunt and elongated frame.
Tap a cask of wine.
Well-known facts.
Viatical business.
Official magisterial functions.
An offhand manner.
He feels that you are in the wrong.
Uncontested authority.
Gave an electric reading of the play.
A one-candidate pro forma election.
The cool of early morning.
Enthusiasm for his program is growing.
A first-rate golfer.
A musical comedy.
Sparkling water.
The capitalists' deification of capital.
Heel a golf ball.
He was politically active.
A cardinal perched momently on the dogwood branch.
Irreverent scholars mocking sacred things.
Inconsistent accounts.
A mind so innovational, so original.
The disappointments of the here and now.
Cooking is his forte.
A direct link.
They have the illusion that I am very wealthy.
This helplessly unworldly woman.
This new leader meanly threatens the deepest values of our society.
They built a large plant to manufacture automobiles.
Shift one's attention.
Current events.
So overconfident and impudent as to speak to the queen.
An attractive and likable young man.
Cognitively skillful.
A musical speaking voice.
A Gypsy fortune-teller.
A flat-bottomed boat.
The included check.
Shut off the gas when you leave for a vacation.
Isolationism is a strictly national policy.
A daredevil test pilot having the right stuff.
An orthodox view of the world.
Upcountry districts.
She was always soft-spoken.
Their appeal was denied in the superior court.
Irrigation by gravitation rather than by pumps.
He has dealt with human vagaries for many years.
Roll out the big map.
He heard the scream of the brakes.
The abaxial surface of a leaf is the underside or side facing away from the stem.
A distant smile.
A crisis unbeknown to me.
A rich supply.
A bareback rider.
An unfriendly act of aggression.
Guards must be good blockers.
His compositions always started with the lyrics.
Solid comfort.
Cold fingers.
A stuffed turkey.
Round the edges.
Trendy clothes.
An inner lahne.
He got several girls in trouble.
All the reporters were expected to adopt the style of the newspaper.
Trim the photograph.
The steamer went astern at half speed.
An explosive laugh.
He was resigned to a life of dishonor.
Stylistically innovative works.
Thatch the roofs.
Insensate destruction.
Children muffled almost to the eyebrows.
Macrame a plant holder.
Breathless at thought of what I had done.
Nonconscious psychic processes.
Keep boarders.
The wild ducks took water.
The calcification of negotiations.
Accept your wakefulness and sleep in its own contrary way is more likely to come.
A system for positive identification can prevent the use of a single identity by several people.
We kayaked down the river.
Yonder valley.
Hot pink.
Ran a negative campaign.
Freshly rouged lips.
A complete set of china.
Receptive to the proposals.
Rope cows.
Draw pulp from the fruit.
A queen-sized bed.
A solvent unsuitable for use on wood surfaces.
The Crusaders overran much of the Holy Land.
Before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it.
She wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons.
Chemically related.
Felt really pissed at her snootiness.
The tides turned against him.
Infinite wealth.
Rigorous discipline.
Colossal crumbling ruins of an ancient temple.
Tease wool.
She looked on benevolently.
Spoke timidly in a tremulous voice.
These piano pieces were published posthumously.
The pain is as if sharp points pinch your back.
At the height of her career.
Huge government spending.
A devious character.
They battled over the budget.
The ball at the base of the thumb.
A ho-hum speaker who couldn't capture their attention.
A jester dressed in motley.
The break seems to have been caused by a fall.
Fold up the newspaper.
They built their castles with an eye to their defensibility.
Comatose breathing.
Starry-eyed idealism.
Angry at being dealt with so unequally.
It's all over but the shouting.
Interested in sports.
Seminal ideas of one discipline can influence the growth of another.
Run a risk.
The poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education.
Rough manners.
Aged members of the society.
They accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations.
An undependable assistant.
The physicists redetermined Planck's constant.
The carpenter should have used his tape measure.
The lion and other carnivorous animals.
His trophy wife was an asset to his business.
A clear-cut pattern.
Her street name is Bonbon.
Even atheists can be eschatologically minded.
Mental suffering.
A skimpily dressed woman.
The tawniness of his complexion.
Flood control in the Missouri basin.
Traditional history.
Unnecessarily personalized remarks.
Sole the shoes.
A productive collaboration.
Ultraviolet radiation.
Irreparable harm.
The hydroxides of the alkali metals are strongly alkaline.
They were up to their armpits in water.
The Shawnee nation.
A volatile situation with troops and rioters eager for a confrontation.
She gathered her shawl around her shoulders.
He lost the game by default.
Further in the future.
A surge of ragged scruffy children.
A conjugated protein.
There was a salvo of approval.
His next stop is Atlanta.
Shortbread is a short crumbly cookie.
The lower the standard of living the easier it is to introduce an autocratic production system.
An enthralling book.
Kosher meat.
The commercial or nonresidential areas of a town.
He moved his bank account to a new bank.
Alcohol etiolates your skin.
Votes weighted according to the size of constituencies.
The ultimacy of these social values.
Great affairs of state.
A capillary tube.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
Scholastic year.
Ecumenical activities.
They moved forward from a period of fence mending to substantive changes in the country.
Sericultural industry.
She refused to give them her Social Security number.
Felt all shivery.
In modern times like these.
A hail of bullets.
The decaying vegetative layer covering a forest floor.
Bear a heavy load.
A broad lawn.
Scribbling block.
Madness, an ironic fate for such a clear thinker.
It was a good drive but the ball ended up in a divot.
Electrical appliances.
Bold settlers on some foreign shore.
Close a book.
In his sight she could do no wrong.
Multi-volumed encyclopedias.
Maritime law.
A satiable appetite.
Meter the mail.
A cordial abhorrence of waste.
Bentwood chairs.
The small-town bar was all tarted up.
Had adjacent rooms.
Carpenter bees are boring holes into the wall.
They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring.
An interest in music.
The arteries were diffusely narrowed.
Dress the victim's wounds.
A man of a solitary disposition.
Unstring my guitar.
Her health is better now.
These magnificent achievements were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models.
A prestigious author.
The clothes were hung severally.
There was fighting in the streets.
In the middle years.
A billiard cue.
His dying wish.
The conclusion of a business deal.
He ducked at the screechings of shells.
Untraveled roads.
When bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist.
A thirdhand report.
Women have been blamed ever since the Fall.
Chimeras are nonexistent.
The failure rate on the bar exam is discouragingly high.
The yolk sac is gradually vascularized.
This memo was circulated interdepartmentally.
Rare roast beef.
A septicemic temperature curve.
He instinctively grabbed the knife.
The rhythm of physiological time is not modifiable except by interference with certain fundamental processes.
She couldn't shelter behind him all the time and in any case he wasn't always with her.
Artists like north light.
He acted unselfishly when he helped her get the promotion.
Praetorial powers.
A misleading similarity.
A herald chosen for his sonorous voice.
Amazed beyond measure.
The dynamic president of the firm.
Courses in interior design were rare and undeveloped.
Produced supplementary volumes.
Spray water on someone.
Continued to have severe headaches and accordingly returned to the doctor.
Copper-bottom a frying pan.
They handed out the printed text of the mayor's speech.
The device is small enough to wear on your wrist.
Mercurial preparations.
More quickly.
Unleash the dogs in the park.
Many black people preferred to be called African-American or Afro-American.
His book is no longer in print.
Lineal heirs.
A constant deflation of the desert landscape.
Universal experience.
A hollow tree.
Snakes are members of the class Reptilia.
Crucially, he must meet us at the airport.
When the rain came he could hear the sound of thunder in the background.
Cervical cancer.
Bells were pealing.
Drudging peasants.
Clever fictional devices.
The transfer of the music from record to tape suppressed much of the background noise.
With timely treatment the patient has a good chance of recovery.
Triclinic system.
The cards were face upward.
His speech was garbled.
He suffered an epileptic seizure.
Prophetic writings.
The course of the river.
They built a factory on the outskirts of the city.
He could get no purchase on the situation.
One foot of the chair was on the carpet.
When lovers prove untrue.
The music surged up.
Tight security.
Reinforced concrete contains steel bars or metal netting.
His health weakened day by day.
A conservative estimate.
Plane the top of the door.
He traveled far.
The part he failed was the naming of state capitals.
Flatten a road.
The plane made an unscheduled stop at Gander for refueling.
The buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes.
He threw away the rest.
An avid sports fan.
Strum a guitar.
This bag is hermetically sealed.
Bubble to the surface.
A skunk's aposematic coloration.
He pointedly ignored the question.
An Aboriginal rite.
She nickeled-and-dimed together a small house for her family.
The contest was no world-shaking affair.
The garden was criminally neglected.
A consensual contract.
The versatility of his poetic freewheeling style.
Stemmatology also plays an important role in musicology.
The ancient Greeks believed that nymphs inhabited forests and bodies of water.
Carve one's name into the bark.
A latent fingerprint.
Autocratic behavior.
News of the attack came like a bombshell.
He looked at her, not wrathfully now, but quizzically.
A pair of posts marked the goal.
Hydroelectric power.
Fugitive hours.
Cassocked monks.
He acted in good faith.
It differs in that respect.
A glad May morning.
The voice at the other end of the line dropped menacingly.
Breathing air fouled and darkened with factory soot.
A capital fellow.
Television viewers.
The admiral intends to act offensively in the Mediterranean.
Muffle one's anger.
They attacked the enemy's right flank.
The bite of satire.
Lathe operators use an emulsion of oil and water as a coolant for the cutting tool.
A short memory.
An officer is responsible for the lives of his men.
He was attracted by the smallness of the taxes.
An orange-crowned bird.
Rag that old tune.
A reliable sourcSFLe of information.
The candle flickered.
He wrote an interesting piece on Iran.
Obstetricians have to pay high rates for malpractice insurance.
He used the wrong exposure.
An authoritarian regime.
A toll-free telephone number.
His newfound aggressiveness.
The binary number system has two as its base.
Watery milk.
The dust adhered electrostatically to the surface.
Frostbitten fingers.
An empirical treatment of a disease about which little is known.
A merely verbal writer who sacrifices content to sound.
Removal of the central post left the roof unsupported.
Speculative knowledge.
Megalithic monuments like Stonehenge.
Chlorinate a pool.
A reorganized business.
A stellar performance.
In the circumstances it was expedient to express loyalty.
Grate one's teeth in anger.
The servile wars of Sicily.
Close kin.
Female sensitiveness.
Their business was open and aboveboard.
Chart the territory.
Numerical value.
Responsible for the highness of the rates.
A rush job.
The spike pierced the receipts and held them in order.
The high point of his career.
The buccal aspect of the gum.
The professionalization of American sports.
A slashed doublet.
Extremist political views.
The dank climate of southern Wales.
A personal favor.
Beat back the invaders.
Pareve margarine.
Influenced by ethnic and cultural ties.
The outwardness of the world.
Sacred and profane music.
For thousands of years the chair was an appanage of state and dignity rather than an article of ordinary use.
Naked ambition.
A precarious truce.
Surf the internet or the world wide web.
The shutters clattered against the house.
The house gets a percentage of every bet.
Agitated parents.
A maidenly blush.
The patients are predominantly indigenous.
The bottleneck in mail delivery is the process of sorting.
A wolf is about the size of a large dog.
The North Pole and the South Pole are antipodes.
At the present time the transmission is very often done hydraulically or pneumatically.
She amassed stacks of newspapers.
Wood with a fine grain.
We received an inundation of email.
A streamlined convertible.
The Pakistan government decided to close down madrasas that provided military training for their students.
He died in a purge by Stalin.
The unsuccessful run for office left him ruined politically and economically.
An apathetic audience.
His final, straining burst of speed.
The desert was edged with sere vegetation.
His mother's death left him in a daze.
Pretty song.
Pour water over the floor.
They hoed up weeds industriously all morning.
The enraged bull attached.
Beautify yourself for the special day.
A good secretary.
A whole new idea.
He still remembers the organization of the club.
Following the regular procedure of the legislature.
Its was a brief and intense courtship.
With clothes wet by splashed water.
The president applied a chokehold to labor disputes that inconvenienced the public.
An intelligent but argumentative child.
Consummate skill.
Everyone involved in the bribery case has been identified.
His story brought tears to her eyes.
A distant sound.
The men were sitting in the cafe and shooting the breeze.
A treasure hunter.
The kettle was singing.
Explain the phenomenon neurobiologically.
A perfect specimen.
The studio had a northern exposure.
The sound had a somnolent effect.
Forbidding thunderclouds.
A flashy ring.
A leap year is an intercalary year.
Her mind pullulated with worries.
A stirring speech.
Thick boozy singing.
She performed the surgery successfully.
There as a trail of blood.
Tame obedience.
He holds the record in the mile.
He cherished the faith of a good woman.
Made solicitous inquiries about our family.
The reticulation of a photographic emulsion.
A great ocean liner.
Calm seas.
He gave his fingers a snap.
A tripartite treaty.
Stick the photo onto the corkboard.
Loose clothing.
The men's vibrant voices.
Swinish slavering over food.
The addition of a bathroom was a major improvement.
He was held on charges of corruption and racketeering.
Darn socks.
Fond hopes of becoming President.
Territorially important.
We have to advance clocks and watches when we travel eastward.
Being unemployed is a most unattractive prospect.
A tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.
Daringly he took the first step.
An interfaith marriage.
The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree.
There was plenty of food for everyone.
The discharge of pus.
It gave me a nostalgic vibe.
Transposed letters.
A valued friend.
Clean bouncy hair.
He serves as den mother to all the freshmen in this dormitory.
They had a fierce wrestle.
An apt reply.
He was suspected of implication in several robberies.
That's a real puzzler.
The border between the United States and Canada is the longest unguarded border in the world.
Essential oil.
Inexplicable errors.
His narrative was interesting.
Probation is part of the sentencing process.
An unoccupied apartment.
Hasty marriage seldom proveth well.
A nasty smell.
The waiters were unflurried and good natured.
Cup the milk.
This land does not carry olives.
Photographs taken in a veritable bull ring.
Cruel and unusual punishment.
He always bought his clothes at the same store.
Extreme cold.
But wroth as he was, a short struggle ended in reconciliation.
Subject peoples.
A stiff-necked old Boston brahmin.
The senior prom.
The landscape was a discontinuous mosaic of fields and forest areas.
The gardener planted a bed of roses.
A paid announcement.
An elegiac poem on a friend's death.
He has read Plato's Dialogues in the original Greek.
She gossips malevolently.
The plane was late and he missed his connection in Atlanta.
For uniform color and texture tailors cut velvet with the pile running the same direction.
The cutting of whiskey with water.
Half-track armored vehicles.
The world's heritage of knowledge.
The decree is nisi and not absolute.
Heedful of what they were doing.
Sorrow was mapped on the mother's face.
Attendant members of the congreation.
The characters were delineated with exceptional vividness.
The cigar smoke curled up at the ceiling.
Conditions that precipitously increase the birthrate.
A magical spell.
Accrued interest.
Leaden steps.
Mutinous acts.
He did with the book still unended.
Navigational aids.
Superincumbent layers of dead plants cut off the air and arrested decomposition.
A heavy blow.
Our esteemed leader.
Membranous gastritis.
The lumen of the intestine.
Eliminate my debts.
The government is operating in an economic straitjacket.
A sorrowful tale of death and despair.
He claimed that the evidence against him was a plant.
There were many children whose deservingness he recognized and rewarded.
Charge the wagon with hay.
A broadloom rug.
We shall consider these questions in the inverse order of their presentation.
Transmit a message.
So dirty that it smells.
Rudimentary plans.
The lecture was beyond his most strenuous graspings.
Bare bodies.
Covered the matter in a brief statement.
Where there's a will there's a way.
He always took some reading matter with him on the plane.
Untie the knot.
Glad to help.
The defendants asked for a consolidation of the actions against them.
Wholesome attitude.
Gave the impression of being quite relaxed.
He held a large block of the company's stock.
Freakish weather.
A furry teddy bear.
Drift the cattle herds westwards.
A broken man.
After that day she never trusted him again.
Sent ambassadors hotfoot to the Turks.
A clever wheeze probably succeeded in neutralizing the German espionage threat.
Speech in this circle, if not always decent, never became lewd.
A flip answer to serious question.
Radial-ply tires.
They departed hurriedly because of some great urgency in their affairs.
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs.
Professional women have developed an old boy network of their own.
Not all experimentation is done in laboratories.
Sizzling political issues.
Glimmery candlelight.
A limousine is one of the fringe benefits of the job.
His manipulation of his friends was scandalous.
Engrave a letter.
Fated to be the scene of Kennedy's assassination.
Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown.
He uttered a curse sotto voce.
A hefty six-footer with a rather severe mien.
Time is endless.
Terrorists make extensive use of hawala.
The oscillations were isochronal.
The gears are engaged.
He is alone in the field of microbiology.
His approach to every problem is to draw up a list of pros and cons.
The erosive effects of waves on the shoreline.
Stiffening his shoulders, he prepared to advance.
Antipodal points on a sphere.
Waste not, want not.
Don't do it on my account.
It is in the center of town.
Became aware of her surroundings.
The doctor saw a sequence of patients.
Price programs became unstuck because little grain was available.
They issued a limited edition of Bach recordings.
Hovels without running water.
She could peel an apple with a single long paring.
She can drink skimmed milk but should avoid butter.
A gorgeous Victorian gown.
She works full-time.
Today isn't any other day.
Unjust punishment.
The reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture.
Participatory democracy.
Semantically empty messages.
Gave the facts in a nutshell.
The shrieks of unwary animals taken by surprise.
Encircle the errors.
Deep-mined coal.
The young girls are in a state of possession--blind and deaf and anesthetic.
Stout seamen.
He's a natural for the job.
A weak pulse.
A few spectators standing about.
The road is in worse shape than it was.
Rows of barbed wire protected the trenches.
The gathered folds of the skirt.
A gentle breeze.
Looking for an unbent nail.
His books are eminently translatable.
His smile was very mechanical.
He made all the obligatory apologies.
Don't fall down.
He set a high valuation on friendship.
A sordid political campaign.
She enjoys a hike in her spare time.
Beautiful country.
Historically they have never coexisted peacefully.
A heavy coat.
A tidal wave of crime.
An undutiful son.
She worked for women's liberation.
He watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax.
His function was purely consultative.
The medical fraternity.
A person of unflagging conscience.
The soldier was completely amuck.
The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy.
An impregnable fortress.
His ribbing was gentle but persistent.
His treatment of the race question is badly biased.
Grim laughter.
Grading papers is a thankless task.
He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty.
The government has done nothing to ease restrictions and manufacturers are growing restive.
Vital for a healthy society.
An off-putting remark.
Smoke billowed up into the sky.
Shell mussels.
The knife was too dull to be of any use.
The house was a wreck when they bought it.
He felt a stream of air.
The coin bank was empty.
The band played a slow waltz.
Cragfast climbers.
The text was emended in the second edition.
They tried to sell me a bill of goods about a secondhand car.
The term Muhammadanism is offensive to Muslims who believe that Allah, not Muhammad, founded their religion.
A spirited dance.
There was a certain woodenness in his replies.
The Kudzu plant infests much of the South and is spreading to the North.
The man had a heart attack and keeled over.
A church with a shuttered belfry and spire.
The tight shoes and perspiration blistered her feet.
Under the guise of friendship he betrayed them.
A major overhal of the healthcare system was proposed.
We must secure the benefits of freedom for ourselves and our posterity.
Current psychoanalytic theories.
Came earlier than I expected.
First soprano.
Every day he had a new alibi for not getting a job.
The recovery of the forest after the fire was surprisingly rapid.
Cockney vowels.
Pliant molten glass.
A bold adventure.
He goosed the unsuspecting girl.
He argued that the controlling factor in eutrophication is not nitrate but phosphate.
The adhesion of cementitious materials.
The bolt slipped into place.
Our rent increased threefold in the past five years.
History takes the long view.
Seemed unaware of the scrutiny.
Trochaic dactyl.
Wore an unclean shirt.
Her blouse had come undone at the neck.
Territorial rights.
Respect for law which every right-minded citizen ought to have.
Protons, neutrons, electrons and all their exotic variants.
He stitched weights into the curtain's hem.
Depreciation of the dollar against the yen.
Mindful of these criticisms, I shall attempt to justify my action.
A sclerotic patient.
Alert enough to spot the opportunity when it came.
In confidential tone of voice.
He is superior to fear.
There were many demands on his time.
Tricuspid molar.
Structural effects of folding and faulting of the earth's surface.
Many Hungarians refused to take part in the Stalinization of their country.
An alfresco lunch.
Southern plantations.
Sugar-coated pills.
His miserable treatment of his family.
Rivaling a hawk in directness of aim.
Dial a telephone number.
Wail in self-pity.
Nuclear fission.
The house was in a terrible state of neglect.
Took the tragic news well.
At the pressing of a button.
Technical terminology.
Four-ply yarn.
A mistaken belief.
Year-end audit.
Was easily confused.
Had a dizzy spell.
Axiomatic wisdom.
The farmers overcropped the land.
A fetching new hairstyle.
Genotypical pattern.
Enjoy privileges.
She is liable to forget.
We lamented the loss of benefits.
Dextrorse vines.
The most common type of bond is the straight or plain vanilla bond.
The artist's gifts are at their acme.
A single-breasted jacket.
Ingrained habits of a lifetime.
Pensions are in the toilet.
Build detergents.
Made an effective entrance.
Nauseous offal.
Cinnamon sticks.
View a show on television.
Messianic cult.
Shoddy business practices.
Poetry is something to which words are the accidental, not by any means the essential form.
Natural silk.
A series of independent judgments.
Successful negotiation is the meat and potatoes of arbitration.
He made a bid to gain attention.
The house had fallen into a serious state of decay and disrepair.
His rapid manner of talking.
He light-heartedly overlooks some of the basic facts of life.
He was accidentally killed by friendly fire.
Untwine the strings.
This style of shoe is in demand.
They were carrying two keys of heroin.
He is an equably cheerful fellow.
Stealthily they advanced upstream.
Eleven million Jews are spread throughout Europe.
Liver homogenate.
Untroubled sleep.
The surfaces were coarsely granular.
An outgoing steamship.
A weedy path.
The offense was unintentional.
She made a copy of the designer dress.
Wild unkempt hair.
A carcinomatous lesion.
Tourism was their economic salvation.
He jotted a note in the margin.
Release a hormone into the blood stream.
Be prepared for emergencies.
The belief that classes and organizations are secondary and derived.
Stayed home in a sulk.
A gifted painter but an indifferent actor.
Nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation are closely related goals.
His evasion of all his creditors.
It came by the first post.
The Mississippi River delta.
The watch dog gave her a feeling of security.
Old country.
The granite overlies the older rocks.
Afflict with the plague.
Each of them had their own anticipations.
A fast lens.
They were heartbroken when they learned their child was abnormal.
She pouted and looked at him coyly.
The left guard was injured on the play.
Pleasingly plump.
Then again, she might not go.
The forces of reaction carried the election.
An unabridged novel.
Night spot.
Felt light in the head.
He bought it at a shop on Cape Cod.
The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty.
Yearly medical examinations.
Broken contracts.
Unkindly ancts.
She rooms in an old boarding house.
Proud of her well-clothed family.
The washing machine needs to be serviced.
He took part in the experiment as a naive subject.
We'll have dinner en famille.
A plague of bloodsucking insects.
A vast desert all adust.
He had to sell his car at a considerable sacrifice.
The up-tick in terrorist activity.
A stool is a backless and armless seat.
The dress hung shapelessly on her thin body.
An ungracious industrial city.
Administer an oath.
He commented the paper of his colleague.
The doctor prescribed a topical application of iodine.
He had two deaths on his conscience.
The plane touched down at noon.
He interprets the law narrowly.
A fervent desire to change society.
A flight destined for New York.
We settled the problem conclusively.
Working mothers rely on the day care program.
A remunerative business.
Such imponderable human factors as aesthetic sensibility.
Verbal ability.
Anesthetize the gum before extracting the teeth.
A loose ball.
Costumes were changed backstage.
They yelled insults at the visiting team.
Dislocate joints.
He wasn't going to admit his mistake.
He exhibits a great talent.
Bad luck caused his downfall.
A patch of clouds.
The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self.
One mistake and you're toast.
An unbloody transfer of power.
She beat some tough competition for the number one slot.
The sultriness of lust was in the air.
An illicit association with his secretary.
Infectious disease.
The Vedanta philosophy developed from the pantheistic views of the Upanishads.
A fiducial point.
Nocturnally active bird.
Jug the rabbit.
Circumferential highways around cities.
She was penetrated with sorrow.
Gruff voices.
The oral mucous membrane.
A meaningful discussion.
Indications of strain.
A spaniel with floppy ears.
Untrained troops.
The upcoming spring fashions.
Water suitable for beneficial consumptive uses.
Felt mortified by the comparison with her sister.
Tar the roads.
A ramshackle antediluvian tenement.
A slave to fashion.
A biting aphorism.
Politics is his consuming passion.
Mortify the flesh.
The less he knows the more positive he gets.
Cut along the dotted line.
Thanks heaps.
According to an early tradition became his sworn brother.
A large city.
A novel of average merit.
In the depths of an Acheronian forest.
Adjustable seat belts.
Psychic trauma.
A vaporous bog.
Crystallize minerals.
He borrowed a large sum.
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
Atrociously expensive.
Triplex windows.
A working draft.
Some reform-minded Islamic scholars believe that reopening ijtihad is a prerequisite for the survival of Islam.
A single devotion to duty.
Unsheathed cables.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but names can never hurt me.
Herded the class into a ragged line.
Regimental units.
Smooth, shining, and deceitful as thin ice.
He has a perfect gambling system at roulette.
Run up a skirt.
The runner was out on a play by the shortstop.
Hydraulic brakes.
Pushed back her tangled hair.
Unborn generations.
Humid air.
Only superficial differences.
Range of motion.
His place in history was foreordained.
A subject of unfailing interest.
A short smokestack.
Conversion from Fahrenheit to Centigrade.
Sleeper nests of Islamic terrorists were capable of launching major attacks in Europe.
Of heroic proportions.
He put a bandage over the cut.
A half brother.
Ungracious behavior.
Manual dexterity.
Several matters to attend to.
Maternal-infant bonding influences the child's psychological and physical development.
Conjugal visits.
Cruising three miles offshore.
The right front tire had a blowout.
Nonproductive labor.
A septic sore throat.
Catch fire.
Reform your conduct.
Analyze a chemical compound.
Plant bugs in the dissident's apartment.
A finely chiseled nose.
Penal code.
A frivolous young woman.
Acute pain.
The history is summed up concisely in this book.
A good check.
Nominative noun endings.
Graft the cherry tree branch onto the plum tree.
Concealing curtains prevented discovery.
The flabbergasted aldermen were speechless.
The scholarships will be awarded noncompetitively.
String these ideas together.
The survivors of the fire were taken to a hospital.
A vested right.
The most normal person I've ever met.
Interpersonal situations in which speech occurs.
She used rolling r's as in Spanish.
Use care when going down the stairs.
Laser-guided bombs cannot be used in cloudy weather.
Orbital revolution.
He was killed outright.
Now that my children are self-supporting.
The clangorous locomotive works.
It was off to a good start.
Macerate peaches.
The detached shutter fell on him.
The engine chugged down the street.
The uncrowned king.
Our glorious literature.
Perfumed stationery.
A reasonless brute.
Calling a meeting is a political act in itself.
Her erstwhile writing.
His retirement fund was set up to be paid as an annuity.
A long due promotion.
An obligatory contribution.
She laughed uncontrollably.
Maternal genes.
Water or electricity came on again after the earthquake.
Most colorectal cancers arise from adenomatous polyps.
Fiscally irresponsible.
Accustomed to doing her own work.
A law weighted in favor of landlords.
A diagnostic reading test.
With open arms and an ingratiating smile.
A secondary source.
The murderer is present in this room.
Everything is uncertain about the army.
Correct the alignment of the front wheels.
This unpleasant situation isn't going to work itself out.
A grain of sugar.
With many insertions in the margins.
An off-the-cuff toast.
First she was suspicious, then she became confiding.
A man of inflexible purpose.
On the job.
A long road.
Healthy scepticism.
Epicurean pleasures.
A heavy pudding.
Things are right again now.
They expected the drop would be successful.
Bathe daily.
A compilation of esoteric philosophical theories.
A serious young man.
Most states have replaced the common law definition of rape with statutes defining sexual assault.
Fickle weather.
A bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him.
A dried-up water hole.
A bloody fight.
Gossamer shading through his playing.
A spell of good weather.
She spoke reminiscently of her days in college.
Certain insects are said to blow.
Institutions of popular government.
The tenderloin district was notorious for vice.
Fractious components of a communication system.
An exiguity of cloth that would only allow of miniature capes.
They have some funny ideas about war.
Wrest the knife from his hands.
A rich ruby port.
Studies conducted in vivo.
A length of tubing.
A dizzy pinnacle.
A colorless description of the parade.
Ran slap into her.
The girl's motherliness made her invaluable in caring for the children.
Fleeting sublunary pleasures.
Persisting unaltered through time.
Divine liturgy.
This annual conference is a showcase for ambitious small caps.
The use of the arch in monumental architecture.
The river's roiling current.
They saved a quarter of all their earnings.
Superannuated laws.
They stopped for three days in Florence.
He has a master's touch.
Arenicolous worms.
A young mother's crowded days.
Solid ground.
An ingenuous admission of responsibility.
Clashing interests of loggers and conservationists.
The city suburbanized.
A euphonious trill of silver laughter.
The situation became ugly.
A live ball is one in play.
The Continental Congress.
A registered pharmacist.
The in vivo iodinating mechanism.
A fast car.
Strong and self-possessed in the face of trouble.
The untrammeled rush that the snows had shown in the first spring sun.
Dress the horses.
Brash immodest boasting.
Unpeaceful times.
Sporting blood.
Standing water.
Parliamentary law.
A bride's white dress.
At the time of its appearance, the movie must have seemed excitingly new, even revolutionary.
A breakaway faction.
Infective agents.
An underhung jaw.
Our merciful king.
Salvaged some thrown-away furniture.
In spite of the heat he insisted on his woolen costume.
The urban poor need assistance.
The room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents.
The relationship between mothers and their children.
Ornate rhetoric taught out of the rule of Plato.
They reduced the price on many items.
Unsociable behavior.
She was sufficiently fluent in Mandarin.
The corn and tomatoes are nice today.
Introduce legislation.
Worried by the worsening storm.
They moved the meeting date up.
Hedge your bets.
A special kind of paint.
Unoccupied hours.
Unequipped for jobs in a modern technological society.
Came to the party after all.
He was so tall I thought he was on stilts.
Clerical skills.
Radial heat.
It might be unpleasant, though.
Idle talk.
Curtain the bedrooms.
We were driving around in the countryside on a fine Sunday morning.
So-called bad grammar.
He used his computer to make a collage of pictures superimposed on a map.
Each person is mortal.
Biochemically interesting phenomenon.
Stared hard at the accused.
Babelike innocence and dependence.
Most Igbo are farmers.
Cloudy skies.
Adoring grandparents.
Perfectly poised and sure of himself.
A soupy fog.
Happily he was not injured.
With arms spread wide.
An exhausting job in the hot sun.
A poem by an unknown author.
The evidence that smoking causes lung cancer is very compelling.
A candy sampler.
Data tabulated overleaf.
An unregenerate criminal.
A reformed drunkard.
Suggestive poses.
The musicians left their instrument cases backstage.
Corporeal suffering.
A tempting invitation.
A tenuous thread.
Regular features.
Double doors.
Ping your machine in the office.
Economic logic requires it.
Their intelligence and general knowingness was impressive.
Less quickly.
Pure and vestal modesty.
My sainted mother.
A running start.
The track of an animal.
A shrewd and politic reply.
The signification of Chinese characters.
Getting that job was definitely fluky.
The seaport was a contributing factor in the growth of the city.
She behaved very professorially.
A colorful character.
A tireless worker.
The painted desert.
Introduce exotic fruits.
Aged rocks.
He openly flaunted his affection for his sister.
Cure resin.
The rooms were very small but they had a nice view.
The throne is never vacant.
They reached an accommodation with Japan.
Left their clothes dirty looking.
Had no inconsiderable influence.
Take a right at the corner.
They were walking along the beach slowly and deliciously.
Spin out a visit.
The officer's equivocal behavior increased the victim's uneasiness.
He plays chess day in and day out.
In your heart you know it is true.
Scald the milk.
Look on the bright side of it.
Drawings of abstract forms.
Fluorescent colors.
The stupefying impact of the tragedy.
The literacy rate.
Cast a vote.
The air was refreshingly cool.
The experiment yielded robust results.
Hypothalamically controlled secretions.
Soft light that was easy on the eyes.
Mustard and ketchup are condiments.
The broadcast reached an audience of millions.
A short view of the problem.
Please move clockwise in a circle.
Outbursts of drunken violence and manic activity and creativity.
A complete set of the Britannica.
A telling presentation.
Gave an involuntary start.
There are six lines in every stanza.
The difficulties in which the question is involved.
The house was unrentable in that condition.
Chestnut hair.
A perfectly natural explanation.
One's native language.
Interracial schools.
Superhuman strength.
Chaos could be prevented only by clear-sighted leadership.
A horse-drawn carriage.
Light summer dresses.
The face of the city is changing.
Lightheaded from the rarefied mountain air.
A shining example.
A schmaltzy song.
The action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds.
Generally unsociable except with intimate friends.
In the ninth century the Vikings began raiding the Anglo-Saxons in Britain.
The dead of winter.
Mind has become self-reproducing through man's capacity to transmit experience and its products cumulatively.
Term insurance is most often associated with life insurance policies.
A raunchy novel.
The breakout was carefully planned.
Hygienic surroundings with plenty of fresh air.
The stimulus was presented binaurally.
Haphazardly arranged interlobular septa.
They visit New York on occasion.
Most of our knowledge is secondhand.
One last worried check of the sleeping children.
The deceleration of the arms race.
A courtly gentleman.
Block a muscle.
Form was treated as something intrinsic, as the very essence of the thing.
Inorganically bound molecules.
Fascist propaganda.
Fragments of a play.
A percipient author.
A century and one half.
A woodland mouse with white underparts.
Her regular bedtime.
Toiled through entangled growths of mesquite.
The choking June dust.
He hired someone to answer his fan mail.
Genetic history reconstructs the origins of a literary work.
His brag cornfield.
The analyzed data indicated surprising trends.
The synchronized flapping of a bird's wings.
An easy walk around the block.
Spy for the Russians.
Non-paying bidders on eBay.
In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen.
Please read the passage aloud.
Scissor-tailed birds.
It's bureaucratically complicated.
Peanut politicians.
The bullet didn't come close.
The continual banging of the shutters.
External pressures.
Sculpture is a form of art.
He dealt inefficiently with the crisis.
A sympathetic observer.
A multitude of TV antennas.
Before every scene he ran down his checklist of props.
Inquire into the disappearance of the rich old lady.
A long position in gold.
A theological student with whom I argued interminably.
Spare components for cars.
A frosty glass.
A headed column.
Her easy virtue.
An extraordinary desire for approval.
A good report card.
Hoped his departure had passed unnoticed.
The letter consisted of three short lines.
Tactile qualities.
Civil authorities.
Desires at variance with his duty.
He is the linchpin of this firm.
My watch is fast.
A copular verb.
Prudent rulers.
His chair sat in a puddle of books and magazines.
Gigantic disappointment.
Only a little earthy bank separates me from the edge of the ocean.
The end managed to hold onto the pass.
They finished before the fall of night.
The land rejuvenated.
News sources reflected uncritical estimates of the number of juvenile addicts.
Temperate in his response to criticism.
Premedical courses.
The area is slenderly endowed with natural resources.
A dire emergency.
Sensory channels.
A cost-plus government contract.
The currency of ideas.
He drew the design on the stencil with a steel stylus.
A stable relationship.
Send two dollars or the equivalent in stamps.
A play full of scintillating dialogue.
Make a decision.
He rose on the springtide of prosperity.
Garlicky sauce.
Diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks.
A shaky marriage.
The ship got under way.
He referred opaquely to her recent past.
We had a hard time getting here.
A transcribed announcement.
Your information is wrong.
A best-selling novel.
Accentual rhythm.
Three years elapsed.
A dress with a crooked hemline.
An untidy living room.
Puny excuses.
Lyric poetry.
The only surviving frontier blockhouse in Pennsylvania.
Undyed cotton.
He cracked his knuckles restlessly.
They had no protection from the fallout.
A huge wave.
The whole country worshipped him.
A wraithlike column of smoke.
An unofficial estimate.
Blue paint dashed with white.
The loutish manners of a bully.
Pretty girls like plain friends as foils.
Symbolic operations.
He could no longer contain his hostility.
His testimony was just a contrivance to throw us off the track.
A true virus cannot spread to another computer without human assistance.
Bare your breasts.
Wondered if she could ever be untidy without feeling self-conscious about it.
He's a shtik crazy.
Flints were found in association with the prehistoric remains of the bear.
The audience consisted largely of repeaters who had seen the movie many times.
The quelling of the rebellion.
Hesitates to be explicit on so ticklish a matter.
A fearful glance.
Producing wheat under extensive conditions.
The in basket.
A dress of traditional cut.
Heartfelt condolences.
Here you must play accelerando.
Napped fabrics.
That hat is my property.
My left hand.
Gave honest answers.
The deadened pangs of hunger.
A five-degree gradient.
A butcher is unlikely to preach vegetarianism.
The ship made its run in record time.
She danced gracefully and effortlessly.
A good plaza should have a movie house.
He was fatally ill equipped for the climb.
An absent stare.
He claims that the present administration is corrupt.
He prophetically anticipated the disaster.
They took vows of poverty.
With an hour's start he will be hard to catch.
The collision knocked the wind out of him.
This car shifts manually.
Ring birds.
He studied the shapes of low-viscosity drops.
The action of natural forces.
The particles disintegrated during the nuclear fission process.
The melon had a delicious taste.
Clear a debt.
Parasitic vines that strangle the trees.
The question of disease merits serious discussion.
A foliated capital.
They had brandy in the library.
He soldered the connection.
Her impassive remoteness.
The modernization of Nigeria will be a long process.
Careful of the rights of others.
Sandpaper the wooden surface.
There's slight chance that it will work.
Two old ladies, neatly hatted and gloved.
The Enlightenment brought about many humanitarian reforms.
He seems to have ample ready money.
A fine-looking woman.
Indefinable yearnings.
A sonic boom.
Let's Frenchify the restaurant and charge more money.
A great old oak.
Foster home.
Conifer forests cover the eastern versant.
In hot water.
Suffered the ignominy of being sent to prison.
Let her be.
You can lean on me if you get tired.
The big cities were notoriously in the hands of the oligarchy of local businessmen.
A rectangular figure twice as long as it is wide.
He complacently lived out his life as a village school teacher.
Waste heat.
An easy good-natured manner.
Imbricate the roof tiles.
They used picks and sledges to break the rocks.
The battery had a short life.
An incurable seer of movies.
An aggressive tumor.
Undergo a strange sensation.
The brothers were called Felix and Max, respectively.
An otiose undertaking.
A clubbable man.
A hinny has a gentler disposition than a mule.
Elegant handwriting.
It is plain that he is no reactionary.
That is one possible answer.
A profound mind.
A metal pervious to heat.
Mortal beings.
The incoming president.
The senator received severe criticism from his opponent.
The policy so far is all stick and no carrot.
Volumes of the best plays, unexpurgated.
Stay a bit longer--the day is still young.
Has gone completely haywire.
After a noticeable pause the lecturer continued.
A glabrous scalp.
Imposing a gag order on members of the press violates the First Amendment.
A picture lit sideways.
Asexual reproduction.
The dollar is the United States unit of currency.
They were playing better at the close of the season.
She stood on the left.
A two-handed crosscut saw.
The oblateness of the planet.
He is professor of surgery at the Harvard Medical School.
Dental student.
She took all his criticism in stride.
War was breaking out in Europe, but she unconcernedly planned for a holiday.
He got out of line.
Straggly hair.
Tear the paper.
An unfeeling wretch.
This manager acts dictatorially toward his colleagues.
A fully leafed tree.
An open door.
Wild and harsh country full of hot sand and cactus.
Corrupt the morals.
Orthostatic hypotension.
A wealthy class parasitic upon the labor of the masses.
The bungaloid suburbs.
Springy turf.
Her hurtful unconsidered words.
Contrabass or double-bass clarinet.
Too much sun is harmful to the skin.
The homecoming of the released hostages was an affecting scene.
The news caused a general advance on the stock market.
The more sensible parts of the skin.
Afraid for his life.
In the twilight of the empire.
Pastoral land.
You have to face the music.
The result was a provocation of vigorous investigation.
A disfigured face.
The office was full of secret heads.
The tightly stoppered bottles.
As the wedding day drew near.
Leather is the latest vogue.
A metallic compound.
How much of the story is fact and how much fiction is hard to tell.
He knew the rules of chess.
The spawning instinct in salmon.
He took a vicious cut at the ball.
The principal rivers of America.
The lay ministry.
Have, throw, or make a party.
The team's kicking was excellent.
The party was in full swing.
An unheated room.
He had a good memory when he was younger.
The aboral surface of a starfish.
A dishy blonde.
The Germanic sound shifts.
When the tide came in I was a maroon out there.
Pious readings.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
The foot of the mountain.
All the world loves a lover.
Connective tissue in animals.
He used that word intentionally.
The winds are easterly.
She was the organizer of the meeting.
His unseamed face.
A tame Christmas party.
A reflective surface.
The speaker at commencement.
Nickel the plate.
A semiskilled job.
A little man obedient to his wife.
A positive attitude.
Inconstant affections.
An unknown island.
Supreme among musicians.
The Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness.
His concluding words came as a surprise.
Prurient literature.
The bulk of the work is finished.
A roguish grin.
Brush aside the objections.
Pull a bank robbery.
The spring was broken.
Sleek figures in expensive clothes.
The shortstop got the runner at second on a force.
Endowed with good eyesight.
She acted wisely when she invited her parents.
The professor was noted for his stupefaction of the students.
His first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable.
The problem was a real snorter.
They listened to her proposal.
The wind is coming from that quarter.
Straight dealing.
A historical character.
A reliable true-blue country club conservative.
De-iodinate the thyroxine.
The disease fulminated.
He received no formal education.
View an exhibition.
He was born to the purple.
Their improvements increased the value of the property.
The habitable world.
Oblivious of the mounting pressures for political reform.
People were pouring out of the theater.
Spend money.
The union of opposing factions.
A severe blow.
A scholar of great eminence.
They demonstrated the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus.
He bought it on approval.
Patrician tastes.
There will be signage displayed at each post.
Closing remarks.
Of average height for his age.
Check the brakes.
Labor problems incidental to a rapid expansion.
A heating pad is calefactory.
Outspan the draft animals.
Cabalistic symbols engraved in stone.
Quick-sighted as a cat.
The runners awaited the start.
The inscrutability of the future.
He emerged from his hibernation to make his first appearance in several years.
Their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind.
A high-sounding dissertation on the means to attain social revolution.
Grind lenses for glasses and cameras.
Lucky stars.
Among the all-time great lefthanders.
Not the most salubrious campsite.
New snow tracked by rabbits.
He was familiar with those roads.
If there are any defects you should send it back to the manufacturer.
A sweet disposition.
He needs a regular nudger to keep him awake.
A fabian policy.
A halo of smoke.
A chorionic villus is a minute vascular projection on the fetal chorion.
Cord firewood.
Woven fabrics.
Rescue party went to their aid.
The patient recited a litany of complaints.
Tortious acts.
A plain girl with a freckled face.
Biotechnology produced genetically altered bacteria that solved the problem.
She visited him briefly.
A carpetbag government.
The play was dramatically interesting, but the direction was bad.
Wet sidewalks.
A ceramic dish.
A warm coat.
Joint owners.
A sticky question.
Let us proceed methodologically.
The smell of newly mown hay.
His life was drawing to a close in baffled zeal and unrelaxed strain.
Of unsound mind.
A diminished fifth.
She made a grand entrance.
The room had only a bed and chair.
Very unpresidential behavior.
Alternating current.
Make a wall of stones.
We won a chunk of money.
Magnanimously, he forgave all those who had harmed him.
A dynamic full of life woman.
The outside world.
Smart weapons.
Situations of measurable and surmountable danger.
An embattled castle.
Misplaced tickets.
Reflection from the ceiling provided a soft indirect light.
Stretch my patience.
Threw the machine's pinion out of gear.
The culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit.
She professed herself as a nun.
Undefined authority.
Upend the box and empty the contents.
He felt as if his whole body were on fire.
With their many similar tastes, he found her a most sympathetic companion.
A dimly lit room.
Such doctrines, if true, would be absolutely fatal to my theory.
The full extent of the law.
Enmeshed in financial difficulties.
Romantic novels were her escape from the stress of daily life.
Civic center.
Much too dear for my pocketbook.
A pestilential malignancy in the air.
He used pressure to stop the bleeding.
Plan the new wing of the museum.
She was afflicted by the death of her parents.
A tidy sum of money.
The lawyer argued spuriously that his client knew nothing of the burglary.
Oxidative glycolysis.
His painting sets the benchmark of quality.
A hearty meal.
She asked him outright for a divorce.
Parroting some timeworn axiom.
An invention with broad applications.
Alabaster statue.
The Earl of Warwick was the first kingmaker.
Economics in its modern disciplinary sense.
The riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views.
Sent confusing signals to Iraq.
The openness of the prairies.
Artificially induced conditions.
A throbbing pain.
He was completely ignorant of the circumstances.
She gave me a sharp dig in the ribs.
Real life.
The obliging waiter was in no hurry for us to leave.
Cyclonic cloud pattern.
They received messages from several centers.
They are still investigating the crash of the TWA plane.
The diacritic elements in culture.
His oily smoothness concealed his guilt from the police.
He drew his conclusions quickly.
Isometric exercises are anaerobic.
She embarked upon a new career.
Curvature of the spine.
They blew the trumpet and the walls came tumbling down.
The dictionary gave several senses for the word.
A room with a sloping ceiling.
An ineligible pass receiver.
It took much longer to find the fault than to fix it.
It stands hard by the railroad tracks.
The Dead Sea Scrolls provide information about Judaism and the Bible around the time of Jesus.
Popular thought.
Was behindhand with the rent.
A good grip on French history.
A concern with inward reflections.
Uniformed policemen lined the President's route.
The seismograph showed a sharp spike in response to the temblor.
Rapid momentaneous association of things that meet and pass.
He lived on a knife-edge between genius and insanity.
His economics textbook is in its tenth edition.
A deep metaphysical theory.
A snub nose.
Teenagers slopping around in unlaced sneakers.
An effective reprimand.
A farcically inept bungler.
They intercepted intercommunication between enemy ships.
The heat of condensation is equal to the heat of vaporization.
Children need a lot of love.
Mark out the territory.
Perhaps a million dollars are at stake.
Her departure left him in utter devastation.
A live volcano.
She was unprepared for this sudden overthrow of their normal way of living.
They sponsored arts and crafts in order to encourage craftsmanship in an age of mass production.
Exercise had given his muscles superior definition.
From the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water.
An admiral in command.
He was beginning to doubt the accuracy of his compass.
Her sweet unpainted face.
Different parts of the country.
The explanation was very simple.
The placement of the chairs.
Falling incomes.
The shoes are priced reasonably.
She lives in a Chelsea mews.
The stimulus produced a desynchronizing of the brain waves.
He had the target in his cross hairs.
A forceful personality.
Each generation must have its own rebellion.
He banked the shot off the backboard.
His professed intentions.
Old age is not for sissies.
He drank a jar of beer.
Take out the chicken after adding the vegetables.
Measured the physical properties directly.
Straightway the clouds began to scatter.
She was true to her significant other.
This tradition has left its mark indelibly upon the social, political, educational and industrial fabric of this country.
His distinguished bearing.
The glow of new love.
Needed a specific amount.
He should be punished for his mistreatment of his mother.
His arguments seemed shallow and tedious.
Glowing praise.
A slavish yes-man to the party bosses.
More than a facelift, the new model marks a fundamental change of direction.
Their heightening fears.
A lack of solemnity is not necessarily a lack of seriousness.
The most-valuable player award.
An abandoned sadness born of grief.
Sedate little colonial tribe with its ritual tea parties.
Refloating the sunken ship proved impracticable because of its fragility.
The outcome was in his favor.
Spill the beans all over the table.
Material comforts.
The cut-out pieces of the dress.
It was a good match-up but the home team won.
Overt intelligence gathering.
He caught only a glimpse of the professor's meaning.
A choleric outburst.
The Treasury will find some clawback for the extra benefits members received.
Made of superfine Flemish cloth.
A morsel of paper was all he needed.
The diametral plane.
Her cheerful nature.
A detached part.
The Congolese republic.
He recorded all the little haps and mishaps of his life.
An unmown lawn.
A wise leader.
Every third seat.
He pressed his demand with considerable instancy.
Only indistinct notions of what to do.
May the force be with you.
A big sprawly city.
Call me only if your cold gets worse.
Politically organized units.
They questioned the advisability of our policy.
The opened package lay on the table.
Trespassing hunters.
A vital spot.
Turn over the soil for aeration.
He behaved hypocritically by praying piously when people were watching.
Unoccupied areas of France.
Unsupported accusations.
Vocal technique.
A wily old attorney.
Profound social changes.
People strolling about in an unhurried way.
He was so pumped he couldn't sleep.
Darkish red.
He pointed heavenward.
The chartered buses arrived on time.
Collusion resulted in tax fixes for gamblers.
The breathing apparatus.
Winterize cars.
A streak of wildness.
Radioactively labeled.
Floating freely in a weightless condition.
His resoluteness carried him through the battle.
A classical scholar.
An off year for tennis.
The acting president.
He was on the heavy side.
Rusty deposits.
An ineffective administration.
She was unpretentiously dressed even though she was the guest of honor.
Our former glory.
The bartender was chummy with the regular customers.
Like a wild young colt, very inquisitive but very coy and not to be easily cajoled.
He is bound in the belly.
Their competitors went under.
A flawed diamond.
The American shopkeeper differs from his European congener.
You are in no danger.
The falcate moon.
Sturdiness of moral principle.
A row of sparkly cheerleaders.
There is more than a sufficiency of lawyers in this country.
Give me the gen on your new line of computers.
Led a happy purposeful life.
A one-armed veteran.
The student's essay failed to list several important citations.
A keen blade.
He is the dean of foreign correspondents.
A stiff hinge.
Brutal beatings.
A regular beat.
A highly sensitive explosive is easily exploded by a shock.
A filming session.
The debate turned into thoughtless bickering.
Stuffy unventilated rooms.
A protective covering.
Assemble your colleagues.
She was elegant to her fingertips.
The negotiations were in arrest.
The bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon.
The step makes a satisfactory seat.
He is looking for employment.
Aqueous solutions.
In shining white armor.
Nouns are frequently used adjectively.
Rough carpentry.
A directional microphone.
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
Human beings are able to walk on two feet.
He sat down again, restively.
In England a housewrecker is called a housebreaker.
A bonelike tumor.
Slovenly inconsiderate reasoning.
An incorporated town.
Every airhead on a big salary rushed out to buy one.
Exploratory talks between diplomats.
A regenerate sinner.
These facts are well known.
Comes from a very musical family.
A stiff breeze.
The main doors were of solid glass.
Medical treatment.
Jogging works off my excess energy.
On paper the candidate seems promising.
A topless jar.
Made an effort to cover all the reading material.
In a homeward direction.
Soliton waves can travel long distances with little loss of energy or structure.
When this product is not branded it sells for a lower price.
Noticeable shadows under her eyes.
A regional dialect.
Pick meat from a bone.
He hit a double to deep centerfield.
Austenitic alloy steel.
Unsanctioned use of company cars.
The sweet song of the lark.
Much that was dark is now quite clear to me.
The room was quaintly furnished.
The containment of the rebellion.
A school of small glittering fish swam by.
A frontal attack.
Nativist theories.
The okapi is a short-necked primitive cousin of the giraffe.
The new moon peeped through the tree tops.
Business letters are usually single-spaced.
A nice gesture.
The fierce thunders roar me their music.
Street full of flourishing well-patronized shops.
They advertise on many different fronts.
Her husband was unfaithful.
A revival of a neglected play by Moliere.
A convincing story.
A standing jump.
Real wages.
It is an endemic found only this island.
The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students.
A whining nasal voice.
A firm ally.
Many close associations with England.
Pursuant to the dictates of one's conscience.
The stock market crashed on Black Friday.
Extreme opinions.
Beat the living hell out of him.
A musical evening.
A diesel engine is an oil burner.
An errorless baseball game.
A sweeping glance.
Scrotal mammals.
He took her comments personally.
Digital computer.
A special adviser to the committee.
Any day now.
Reciprocal aid.
He took offence at my question.
The Riviera contains some of Europe's most popular resorts.
A busy man.
Nearly orbicular in shape.
A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company.
There were four notches in the handle of his revolver.
In the embryonic stage.
Cut trenches.
A pack of thieves.
It's the natural thing to happen.
Relax the tension on the rope.
This may not validly be done.
Harpsichord music is readily playable.
A playground vocal with the shouts and laughter of children.
And in softness almost beyond hearing.
He had a visual sensation of intense light.
The end of the pier.
She had adequate training.
Reduced to nil all the work we had done.
The priest sank to his knees in prayer.
These three pions may actually be joined together transiently as a compound particle during the interchange process.
Earthly beings.
A lotion for dry skin.
The untreated wounded lay on makeshift cots.
Its brothels, its opium parlors, its depravity.
In sooth.
Helium gas was the thermometric fluid.
A bodybuilding freak.
The full-length play.
An eerie feeling of deja vu.
Came up the lightless stairs.
The outboard section of a wing.
Seminal fluid.
Cybernetic research.
Affiliated clubs.
Evolutionary biology.
The crowd of following cars made the occasion seem like a parade.
Honest reporting.
Old house.
Exciting rhythms and polytonal harmonies.
His fingers have learned gentleness.
The wet road was shining sleekly.
She went back to her parents' house.
Unlawful money.
My finances were in a deplorable state.
She could smell the soapiness of the doctor's hands.
The smart set goes there.
Endemic folkways.
Vacuous comments.
Regarded her questioner with clear untroubled eyes.
Nominal interest rates.
Proactive interference.
The blockaded harbor.
Had a man-to-man talk about the facts of life.
She'll do okay on her own.
Let him have his say.
We invited several young marrieds.
Deft fingers massaged her face.
From the sixth century onward.
Painstaking research.
He was bent double with pain.
A paternal aunt.
Molecular structure.
Thick crowds.
She was rather indecently dressed.
An up-to-date issue of the magazine.
A lonely soul.
His crest fell.
Accrued leave.
The infelicitous typesetting was due to illegible copy.
A blase attitude about housecleaning.
The electrification of rural Tennessee.
Inflation is growing exponentially.
The onset of pneumonia.
Gloomy-visaged funeral directors.
This is statistically impossible.
Crape the mirror.
Abominable workmanship.
The zakat is earmarked for the poor and disabled.
Polio is no longer the dreaded disease it once was.
The monument consists of two vertical pillars supporting a horizontal slab.
A headfirst plunge down the stairs.
A standing ovation.
Surfing through the channels.
Tears are an expression of grief.
Chewy caramels.
Stone containing many embedded fossils.
The house was a mess.
Settled areas.
The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish.
Align the wheels of my car.
Replied offhand, his mind a million miles away.
Ascetic practices.
Undisguised bare-knuckle capitalism.
Whenever he won we were exposed to his gasconade.
An under secretary.
A section of a fishing rod.
Stunned scientists found not one but at least three viruses.
Whole in mind and body.
Shatterproof automobile windows.
Intractable metal.
He hated painting the ceiling.
A live wire.
Well-trained servants.
He was soundly defeated.
The witness remained collected throughout the cross-examination.
A prisoner held incommunicado.
Shaggy untrimmed locks.
The pans fell slam-bang and woke the whole house.
A venial error.
A snotty little scion of a degenerate family.
Photographically recorded scenes.
Conservatism has many voices.
Information is updated in real time.
In the Middle Ages the unrestricted sale of indulgences by pardoners became a widespread abuse.
You can't do that in a university setting.
The club will be formally recognized.
Anal thermometer.
Vicious irreclaimable boys.
This weight of evidence is something mystical and unanalyzable.
Nonsense syllables.
Wait till I get my hooks on him.
Convoluted legal language.
Gore a skirt.
Bilingual education.
Deck the halls with holly.
His father gave him a toehold in the oil business.
They worked in the cause of world peace.
The portals of success.
Experiences new to him.
Contradictory attributes of unjust justice and loving vindictiveness.
The lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches.
The destruction of the building produced an enormous debris surge.
She treated most men with offhand contempt.
Looked him squarely in the eye.
He drank some sherry, his eyes disconcertingly keen as he watched her.
Piffling efforts.
Certain animals estivate.
Depended on his nonlinguistic skills.
Drive a car or bus.
The plant sprouted early this year.
The sacred mosque.
He gave a great halloo but no one heard him.
A well-cut suit.
A cool million bucks.
Administer the last unction.
A can-do kind of person.
The association should get rid of its elderly members--not by euthanasia, of course, but by Coventry.
The saw buckled when it hit a knot.
She made a parade of her sorrows.
Unseasoned timber.
The mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family.
In England they call life insurance life assurance.
A good wallow in the water.
Gross ineptitude.
Her lips puckered.
The phosphor fluoresced.
A teenager's naive ignorance of life.
The bridge is a grand structure.
Unfasten your belt.
The pastor's calls on his parishioners.
An ethical problem.
The temperature is thermostatically controlled.
She fought back madly.
His voice was firm and confident.
Students with pens and notebooks at the ready.
The recent visitation of the bishop to his diocese.
In the summer the nightlife shifts to the dance clubs.
Attendance is obligatory.
Voltage peak.
A rubber check.
She must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment.
Fossiliferous strata.
Rugae of the stomach.
Keep your nose out of it.
Ravening creditors.
His polished manner.
A profound book.
Each town has a quality all its own.
One day when I was at a suitable jumping-off place I decided to see if I could find him.
Irretrievable errors in judgment.
A cousinly kiss.
The heart of Birmingham's downtown.
She complained bitterly.
Thousands of people were killed in the war.
To be sure, he is no Einstein.
A mass of knotted string.
They opened a parking lot on the bomb site.
An unoccupied telephone booth.
Analyze the evidence in a criminal trial.
In all perfectly beautiful objects there is found the opposition of one part to another and a reciprocal balance.
A silk-lined jacket.
A thin unlined jacket.
Everything's fine.
He was dismissed unceremoniously.
The radical character of our demands.
Many employees were discharged in a general housecleaning by the new owners.
A commendable sense of purpose.
The storyline is wildly unrealistic.
Hysterical amnesia.
Several of the buildings were downright homely.
Form the young child's character.
The family was starved and ragged.
A brief invitatory note.
Heart disease is the biggest killer in the United States.
Riddle me a riddle.
Hope to win salvation hereafter.
Stood hatless in the rain with water dripping down his neck.
The common people in those days suffered greatly.
He studied his reflection in the mirror.
He dropped the topic like a hot potato.
How gloriously happy she had been during those few fleeting moments of time.
Tension holds the belt in the pulleys.
Girlish charm.
It cost me a week's salary and then some.
He is masquerading as an expert on the internet.
Going to school and holding a job at the same time.
A remarkable exhibition of musicianship.
Gross negligence.
The organismic theory of the state.
Her enhanced beauty was the result of a good night's sleep rather than makeup.
A likely topic for investigation.
The gizzards macerates the food in the digestive system.
Remember me in your prayers.
The water reached ankle level.
A clean fight.
He apologized subsequently.
Vodka is an unaged liquor from Russia.
Sustentacular cells.
Constantly alert and vigilant, like a sentinel on duty.
Baseless gossip.
For my wedding I had my mother's wedding dress altered to fit me.
She was well-versed in the ways of the world before she had taken the veil.
When liberty becomes license dictatorship is near.
Trim a shop window.
Preserve the forest and the lakes.
He was determined to fight to the bitter end.
Regular students.
It hurts bad.
Crushed velvet.
Doctors are working hard to keep him alive.
Grill the sausages.
They discussed the question enthusiastically.
Tall buildings.
From the hill he took a seaward course.
Syllogistic reasoning.
Pull out a gun.
Her smooth operation of the vehicle gave us a surprisingly comfortable ride.
Thyroid deficiency.
A born-again Christian.
Actually, we all help clear up after a meal.
His quick reaction prevented an accident.
This paper was written jointly.
At the moment of the murder, he is standing in front of television cameras and talking tactlessly.
Makes many a sharp comparison but never a mean or snide one.
He got a no-frills introduction to the job.
The invasion acted as a catalyst to unite the country.
From the beginning of history.
It was stuff I had heard before.
Call me Bob for short.
Their answer was to sue me.
The fens of eastern England.
Neonatal care.
A prosaic and unimaginative essay.
Enormous expenses.
Mastering a second language requires a lot of work.
The artificial hip joint luxated and had to be put back surgically.
Uncompromising honesty.
His stomach was in knots.
Sleeved garments.
Masterful technique.
Search as he would, the memory was lost.
Vocative verb endings.
The political situation in Kashmir and Jammu is explosively unstable.
He lived on the thin slops that food kitchens provided.
Slop the food onto the plate.
Distinguish between crystallized and uncrystallized opinion.
Ill predictions.
It is easier to work in metric.
Such semiprecious stones as amethyst, garnet, jade, and tourmaline.
Everyone contributed to the pool.
He is remembered for his generosity and civilization.
A desert island.
The policeman on the beat got credit for the collar.
Tight-fitting clothes.
Speak naturally and easily.
Set the house afire.
Puffy tumid flesh.
Analyze a sentence.
This problem has me completely stuck.
Brains and computers are often considered analogous.
Firm muscles.
A fold in the napkin.
He operated a bank of switches.
The riots were in hand.
He puts duty before pleasure.
Poetry is a sort of divine madness.
The photoelectric effect.
The northeastern trend of the coast.
It is a good plan but it has serious limitations.
It is dangerous to tailgate another vehicle.
Film rights.
A plan incongruous with reason.
He acted despicably.
Agreed to provide essentials but nothing beyond.
An obscure village.
Evoked potentials.
Configure my new computer.
Two coats of arms borne quarterly.
Aerial roots of a philodendron.
A pursuer of truth.
Signals received from the depths of space.
An anamorphic lense.
He walked away with a springy step.
Deflate the air mattress.
Nonprescription drugs.
He knocked off the corners.
A person with old-fashioned values.
The building is still unfinished.
The firstborn child.
An aesthetic person.
Unrestricted verbs are usually stronger than those qualified by adverbs.
Apopemptic hymns.
A display of emotion.
All they had left was a bit of bread.
Intimate relations between economics, politics, and legal principles.
The rope strained when the weight was attached.
Cardboard caricatures of historical figures.
The holding company was just a blind.
An utterer of foul oaths.
Dress a turkey.
The main body of the sound ran parallel to the coast.
He sliced his drive out of bounds.
Sexy poses.
Keep your cool.
An unfertilized egg.
Sitting under the reclusive calm of a shade tree.
An anestrous bitch.
Store grain for the winter.
The instructor took the soft option and gave the boy a passing grade.
A curious hybrid accent.
Came down for the wedding.
She threw a beautiful teapot.
Suspense is the very stuff of narrative.
A row of points.
He's going to the store but he'll be back here later.
You are welcome to join us.
The family is one of the great stabilizing elements in society.
This matrix is idempotent.
Familial traits.
Material wealth.
A brilliant but narrow-minded judge.
A blunt instrument.
An expensively dressed little man turned a corner and approached her.
The jar had a wide mouth.
An elicited response.
His shooting was slow but accurate.
Came to a dead stop.
Waited until the last minute.
A stenosed coronary artery.
They were naked, unshy, and unselfconsciously beautiful.
Short stories by unrecognized writers.
People used to salt meats on ships.
Ex gratia payments made to nonstriking workers.
Exotic plants in a greenhouse.
Visible stars.
He called home semiweekly.
A regular customer.
Blank pages.
A splashy half-page ad.
An unanalyzed compound.
There was a note of uncertainty in his voice.
The light touch of her fingers.
Her severe upbringing had left her inhibited.
The arrow went wide of the mark.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
Thinly overgrown mountainside.
A metacentric chromosome.
The population explosion.
A forward-looking corporation.
An infectious agent depends on a reservoir for its survival.
A little oldish misshapen stooping woman.
Summer was at its peak.
Academic education is the gold standard against which other educational activity is pejoratively judged.
It was the golden age of cinema.
The detective carefully lifted some fingerprints from the table.
A fearful howling.
The army was in the field awaiting action.
Rotational inertia.
Had shining virtues and few faults.
They were clearly lost.
Ungoverned youth.
A political gesture.
Supporters of the president organized a counterdemonstration in his support.
The discriminating eye of the connoisseur.
Glabrous leaves.
A direct descendant of the king.
The vicious and degrading cult of violence.
Centripetal force.
The draught browned the leaves on the trees in the yard.
Light-headed teenagers.
A high level of care is required.
In Britain they call a mantel a chimneypiece.
An efficient secretary.
Found himself saddled with more responsibility than power.
Gardens splashed with color.
Instructional aids.
Immunocompetent cells.
Key one's actions to the voters' prevailing attitude.
Had a bright future in publishing.
A reluctance to commit himself.
His work is based on only original, not secondary, sources.
For instructions refer to the above.
Diet cola.
The undraped statue.
The beginning of the war.
Pressure causes plantar warts to develop a painful callus around the soft center.
She was Mama's chosen.
The subscribed will.
The upper limb of the bow.
He reached into his inside jacket pocket.
A fashionable cafe.
He loved to solve chessmate puzzles.
He saw the rewards but not the risks of crime.
You have to join the union in order to get a job.
The tires showed uneven wear.
Of irreproachable character.
Our natural environment.
Found a hopeful way of attacking the problem.
The University suspended the most recalcitrant demonstrators.
A striking resemblance between parent and child.
Come in out of the cold.
The side-to-side motion of the boat.
Her explorer husband resisted all her attempts at domestication.
Some people are still not disabused of the old idea that the universe revolves around the Earth.
They took the VCR on approval.
Resident aliens.
Button a shirt.
They gave little warning of their arrival.
A causeless war that never had an aim.
The boy was punished for the transgressions of his father.
A growing enterprise must have a bold leader.
A raw drizzing rain.
It does not pretend to be a catalog of his achievements.
In the midst of the crowd.
The fair sex.
Military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising.
His horse won by a head.
An indifferent performance.
A bureaucratic nightmare.
Natural gas.
Ill-advised efforts.
The theater is dark on Mondays.
Beat one's breast.
He breathed his last.
Her tirade provoked a counterblast from her husband.
Knocked out by doped wine.
The pope must speak ex cathedra for an encyclical to be infallible.
Columns surmounted by statues.
Shuck corn.
Secondary streams.
Gutturally articulated.
He fell right into the trap.
A light load.
Regularize the heart beat with a pace maker.
Succulent plants with thick fleshy leaves.
The country's leading poet.
Boxed sections of the report.
An angry silence.
The consumptive habitus.
Ask a question.
Business competition can be fiendish at times.
A noisy crowd of intoxicated sailors.
Cramp the wood.
The sluggishness of the compass in the Arctic cold.
Reseat Carnegie Hall.
She kissed him lightly on the forehead.
An early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage.
The latter-day problems of our society.
Knew full well.
Richy loamy soil.
A personal appearance is an appearance by a person in the flesh.
A summary execution.
We did not meet again for some years.
He gained access to the building.
That intangible thing--the soul.
An all-embracing definition.
A quick-change artist.
Take for granted.
A desperate cry for help.
The airlift provided a lifeline for Berlin.
Primed for a fight.
Level criticism or charges at somebody.
They finally reached a settlement with the union.
A serious turn of events.
Her compulsion to wash her hands repeatedly.
The freshman expresses his thoughts inarticulately.
A weedless garden.
Emotional distance.
The fighting lulled for a moment.
Face an embankment.
Keep up the good work.
Ungodly acts.
They snobbishly excluded their less wealthy friends from the party.
Musical instruments.
Awned wheatgrass.
The convicted killer listened unblinkingly to the reading of his sentence.
We talked strictly business.
Shape the dough.
The responsibilities of a man in his station.
Unfavorable impression.
The thing is to stay in bounds.
The disquieting sounds of nearby gunfire.
Bottom the chairs.
Aware that he had exceeded the speed limit.
Verbal aptitude.
Baggy trousers.
Corrupt judges and their corrupting influence.
The localized infection formed a definite abscess.
A tub should sit on its own base.
Slow-moving cars.
Addressable memory.
Developmental psychology.
In time they came to accept the harsh reality.
A redemptive theory about life.
Something essentially vulgar and meanspirited in politics.
Mythicize the ancient stories.
The Fabian society.
Insensible earth.
Hoarse cries.
A projectile force.
Noticeable for its vivid historical background.
Civil disobedience.
Geriatric hospital.
The store is famous for the reasonableness of its prices.
He died while undergoing surgery.
A battered old car.
He finally has a proper job.
Unanticipated and disconcerting lines of development.
Mediate between the old and the new.
Uncontrolled growth.
The pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck.
Years of supernormal employment during the war.
A sup of ale.
Tar the roof.
In order to avoid food poisoning be sure the meat is well cooked.
They installed a shower in the bathroom.
Geologically speaking, this area is extremely interesting.
My investment has increased ninefold.
Zap the enemy.
Faced a grave decision in a time of crisis.
Having one's hackles or dander up.
He could always come up with some inspired off-the-wall conceit.
He decided to reveal the details only after other sources had reported them incorrectly.
Darting eyes looking sidelong out of a wizened face.
Coal is a hard black material.
She never lost control of herself.
Gave a warmhearted welcome to the stranger.
The trapped miners found a pocket of air.
Lay out the tools for the surgery.
The death sentence was commutable to life imprisonment.
The cooling touch of the night air.
A falsetto voice.
A cold penetrating wind.
A rich and wellborn husband.
His transparent self-justification was unacceptable.
Ill-gotten gains.
All the notional vagaries of childhood.
The cleat had two horns.
Break a circuit.
Vaporous silks.
The intemperance of their language.
He reminded Mao that the paper tiger had nuclear teeth.
He was listless and bored.
She watched the show indefatigably.
He made a huge blot on his copybook.
The money vanished in las Vegas.
Geophysical sciences.
Able to swim.
Cars identical except for their license plates.
He gave his assent eagerly.
The sun darkened ominously.
Unskilled workmanship.
Visual powers.
Drops dimpled the smooth stream.
Tricky Dick.
Home-cured hams.
Afferent impulses.
A public nuisance offends the public at large.
Dirty books and movies.
An indecipherable message.
A dress of near satin.
His perfectionism seemed excessive to his students.
Re-create a picture by Rembrandt.
He recommended exercise to reduce my adiposity.
A blood-spattered room.
He always tries to pick up girls in bars.
An unliveried chauffeur.
Silly giggles.
Infantile games.
The determination of grammatical inflections.
They wanted to see some of the shows on Broadway.
The skin will cicatrize and it will heal soon.
Youth everywhere rises in revolt.
The predicted temperature and the actual temperature were markedly different.
His speech remained unimpaired.
Violate the sanctity of the church.
In the deep of winter.
The highly charged issue of abortion.
Prospect a job.
A careful noticer of details.
The teacher keeps harshing on the same kid.
He works more now.
The pass was fumbled.
He took a header into the shrubbery.
These terms can be used interchangeably.
The presentation of new data.
He struggled pertinaciously for the new resolution.
Professors robed in crimson.
Wealthy by inheritance but saving by constitution.
The ace of trumps is a sure winner.
The convulsions of the stock market.
Back this enterprise.
Under peculiarly tragic circumstances.
A plot of great ingenuity.
Starting life anew in a fresh place.
Puncture a hole.
There is more at stake than your modesty.
He was amazingly innocent of the ways of the world.
Father knows best.
He patented a variation on the sandal.
Hit a ball.
Scratch out my name on that list.
He winked at her roguishly.
He was an Olympic swimmer.
Laden with grief.
Tired mothers with crying babies.
Torrential abuse.
The two-note call of the cuckoo.
Pigment a photograph.
Absolute loyalty.
During his first year in office.
They have look-alike cars.
Very little income is unreportable.
She looked rearward out the window of the car.
The audience applauded.
Experience generally improves performance.
He extended his mitt.
In a tearing rage.
People were in line at the checkout counter.
The duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups.
Level the ground.
Pellucid prose.
A godly man.
Villagers shun the area believing it to be cursed.
Secular drama.
Too numb with fear to move.
Optimistic plans.
A Janus-faced view of history.
Her performance proved to be unsatisfactory.
An easy job.
Basic changes in public opinion occur because of changes in priorities.
Practice non-violent resistance.
He enjoyed the street noises.
Unlivable substandard housing.
Perpetuate a myth.
Peripatetic country preachers.
An ironic novel.
Lexical decision task.
An adscript serf.
Unquiet days of riots.
He bought a new daybook.
A disagreeable old man.
Totemic object.
The texture of Neapolitan life.
He was the generator of several complaints.
Board up windows before the hurricane.
A sanative environment of mountains and fresh air.
The blandness of his confession enraged the judge.
Obedient children.
A representative modern play.
Cost of lumber per running foot.
Wrap the baby before taking her out.
He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father.
A loaf of cheese.
A relaxed and informal discussion.
Verbal imagery.
Curl my hair, please.
You must work the examples at the end of each chapter in the textbook.
Certain disabling restrictions disqualified him for citizenship.
A refrigerator full of spoilt food.
A digression into irrelevant details.
They played at home last night.
A lusterless performance.
She smiled suggestively.
He was tingling with pleasure.
If you gum the tape it is stronger.
Lay the patient carefully onto the bed.
The Czars ruled Russia autocratically.
Every hour a train goes past.
It was a fight to the finish.
A partial eclipse.
Darken a room.
Scored a bull's eye.
Back issues of the magazine.
A premature judgment.
The town is responsible for snow removal.
The divine capacity for love.
Views discordant with present-day ideas.
Paternal traits.
Facetious remarks.
His attitude is the same as ever.
Bake the potatoes.
Going into the ninth they were a run ahead.
Top-down programming.
None of his brothers would betray him.
The nomadic habits of the Bedouins.
New experiences.
Years that seemed telescoped like time in a dream.
He was breathing stertorously.
She fell into an uneasy sleep.
Of restricted importance.
An honorable man.
What a rum fellow.
Bolster morale.
Fond fancies.
A capricious refusal.
That candidate does not have sufficient visibility to win an election.
Domestic oil.
Pole climbing plants like beans.
A polyploid cell.
Sedimentary deposits.
Shone among the mediocrities who surrounded him.
Had a close call.
The amount was paid in full.
He spent his life in pointlessly tiresome drudgery.
Spectroscopic analysis.
The boundless regions of the infinite.
We rehearsed frenziedly the last few days before the premiere.
Pastoral work.
Bands of marauding Indians.
He spoke in broad generalities.
Your choice of colors was unfortunate.
Dateless customs.
Subdued lights and soft music.
Intestate property.
He felt a kind of religious zeal.
Crested iris.
At a lazy pace.
The drugged man was talking chaotically.
The leading edge of technology.
Filmed the actual beating.
On a militarily significant scale.
Not a blessed dime.
Easy good looks.
An outward journey.
Gilded icons.
A beautiful figure which she used in subtle movements of unparalleled grace.
A full-blown rose.
He made a dash for the door.
Resentful at the way he was treated.
A medical inhibition of alcoholic beverages.
Forgetful of her responsibilities.
He spoke slowly.
The greenwood was Robin Hood's home.
A unicuspid tooth.
He relied on somesthesia to warn him of pressure changes.
Gave the wet cloth a wring.
The duchess would not put up with presumptuous servants.
She keeps her time well occupied.
The unfriendly environment at high altitudes.
Her sense of humor has to be a saving grace.
The mining company wants to excavate the hillside.
Clubs were declared trumps.
Golden age of imperial splendor.
The announcement appeared in the local newspaper.
They were trying to find a peaceful solution.
They flew upwind.
Accept students for graduate study.
He used terror to make them confess.
New houses are springing up on an improved tract of land near the river.
His landscapes were deemed the acme of beauty.
The dollar coin has never been popular in the United States.
The baby is sleeping soundly.
A home for the elderly.
This contract is not executable.
The exposed northeast frontier.
Followed the match with breathless interest.
She topped her class every year.
We faced redoubled attacks from the enemy.
Intertwine the ribbons.
Injustice can make us tolerant and forgiving.
The constant risk that attends the exchanges of human beings formidably armed.
A shadow over his happiness.
Oh, that happened eons ago.
The audience was held by the substance of the play rather than by the superficies of the production.
His brag is worse than his fight.
All this duncical nonsense has my brains metagrobolized.
He was a successful pianist in his day.
Sensory organs.
Bare wood.
Pull the string gently.
Choose an attainable goal.
He remained faithful to his wife.
Psychedelic drugs like psilocybin and mescaline.
The effect of the anesthetic.
He read his newspaper at breakfast.
Catch one's breath.
Paying Blacks less and charging them more is a form of victimization.
A self-propelled egotist.
A bald spot.
The new president obviously enjoyed his inauguration.
He showered her with caresses.
He is permanently disabled.
Prehistoric settlements.
Popular imagination created a world of demons.
A lucid thinker.
Omnifarious reading.
Jar the jam.
A starchy manner.
Sparing in their use of heat and light.
His attentiveness to her wishes.
He observed the softening of iron by heat.
They put on a Christmas spectacular.
Dwarf star.
The far side of the road.
The engine is idling.
A proficient engineer.
The moving parts of the machine.
Took perverse satisfaction in foiling her plans.
The audience could hear his prompting.
Just then the bugle sounded.
He taught his children to keep strictly to the straight and narrow.
Bring on the birthday cake.
Called for unstinting aid to Britain.
The harsh white light makes you screw up your eyes.
His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views.
Nodded his hoary head.
The shakiness of the present regime.
With all the appurtenances fitting thereto.
The whole street protested the absence of street lights.
Nefariously involved in a conspiracy.
Found it galling to have to ask permission.
It was time for her to go onstage.
Create a furor.
The atomic clock enabled scientists to measure time with much greater accuracy.
It was their finest hour.
The river became a raging torrent.
Religious texts.
The daily body count increased as the war went on.
The soup will be ready in a minute.
His absence is the hinge of our plan.
A mellow conversation.
It was the kind of duster not experienced in years.
Bonnets smothered with flowers.
Proper manners.
He accepted with alacrity.
He was late for chapel.
A thread of smoke climbed upward.
A pedunculate barnacle is attached to the substrate by a fleshy foot or stalk.
Structural damage.
Pyrrhic dance movements.
The misty evening.
Declaw a cat.
The dominant gene for brown eyes.
Blacksmiths are good hitters.
Wired hotel rooms.
A retiring member of the board.
Don't expect a good meal at a cabaret.
An unblemished record.
Graphically interesting designs.
The baseball fan reached out and caught a foul that was judged playable.
The company tried to project an altruistic image.
Reduced to a microscopic scale.
Hills and subjacent valleys.
Overwrite that file.
Thick hair.
The Revolutionary era.
A nice fat job.
Ineffable ecstasy.
Persuading him was easy going.
Racism is a pestilence at the heart of the nation.
Stemmed berries.
The sexagenarian population is growing.
The memorable opening bars of Beethoven's Fifth.
From two handsome and talented young men to two haunting horrors of disintegration.
A citywide strike.
An economical meal.
She prefers to ride her horse bareback.
Alcoholic expatriates in Paris.
If you are cold, turn up the heat.
He opened the window a crack.
A clean test flight.
Comrades in arms.
Found themselves in a bad way financially.
This naive simple creature with wide friendly eyes so eager to believe appearances.
Impatient with the slower students.
There was a pertness about her that attracted him.
The errors increased multiplicatively.
The large shoes were very loose.
A little church with a squat tower.
She spoke satirically.
A grave illness.
Proterozoic life forms.
They admitted the force of my argument but remained dubious.
It is their practice to give annual raises.
The candidate stumped the Northeast.
His dilettantish efforts at painting.
She sprawled out luxuriously on the sofa.
An old-world cottage.
Give priority to.
Keeping track of all the details requires your complete attention.
A hard-fought primary.
A woman of breeding and refinement.
Heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines.
He acquired a reputation as an actor before he started writing.
A clanging gong.
Perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords.
Trace major population movements for the Pueblo groups in particular.
A scholarly attitude.
The relief pitcher got credit for a save.
Synchronous oscillations.
Inexpert but conscientious efforts.
A perverse mood.
Interchange this screw for one of a smaller size.
A catty remark.
A premature infant.
The interaction of yin and yang maintains the harmony of the universe.
Have a shtikl cake.
The aftermath of war.
To the limit of his ability.
Trees line the riverbank.
His hopes were so high he was doomed to disappointment.
She smiled at him seductively.
An undiluted racial strain.
The central cause of the problem.
A simple harmony written in major thirds.
The restriction of the infection to a focal area.
Strip tobacco.
An eligible bachelor.
A vigorous foreign policy.
A maxidress.
Differences between theory and praxis of communism.
Pretty big.
A dextral gastropod shell with the apex upward has its opening on the right when facing the observer.
He talked incoherently when he drank too much.
Get to the point.
The toilet bowl ws blown to smithereens.
It is fit and proper that you be there.
Football players try to play mind games with the opposition.
Prices climbed steeply.
The professor's lectures were so abstruse that students tended to avoid them.
Future auxiliary.
It promises to open new avenues to understanding.
The ghost of her mother haunted her.
An essay with a meaning that was not always discernible.
She wore a skirt with checks.
The Bills' upset victory over the Houston Oilers.
Seeds precisely adapted to the area.
The train is prompt.
Traveled around in Asia.
Passersby were dead to our plea for help.
The Sisters taught her to love God.
Blessed with a land rich in minerals.
Quartz crystal is perfectly crystallized.
The penetration of upper management by women.
A terrible curse.
After the game the children brought friends home for supper.
The distribution of nerve fibers.
A glossy TV series.
His etiolation signaled years in prison.
The housewife bored us with her domestically limited conversation.
The president lives in a goldfish bowl.
Constant revision keeps the book au courant.
The ship docked.
The expansiveness of their extravagant life style was soon curtailed.
Statutory law.
A snug little sailboat.
In an accelerated program in school.
Proof the materials against shrinking in the dryer.
The royal road to success.
Early mariners relied on the constancy of the trade winds.
The suspected spy was summarily executed.
Turn a key.
His rage for fame destroyed him.
Agreeable to the plan.
Coarse-grained wood.
The addition of a leap day every four years.
Her apparent dominance of her husband was really her attempt to make him pay attention to her.
A good grounding in mathematics.
An amorphous mineral.
Tragic hero.
A lively discussion.
The glaring sun.
A sinistral flatfish lies with the left eye uppermost.
He worked like a demon to finish the job on time.
It was oppressively hot in the office.
Stock the larder with meat.
The operator put a call through to Rio.
Many cars were stuck in the snow on uncleared streets.
Knock on the door.
A dry reading of the lines.
Was very sure in his beliefs.
The white hairs of old age.
Glacial winds.
An eyebrow pencil.
We shared many yesterdays.
A government with three discrete divisions.
Aerobic fermentation.
Convert hotels into jails.
The patient is breathing irregularly.
The warships convoyed the merchant ships across the Pacific.
The asperity of northern winters.
You must write legibly.
The only growth was some salt grass.
He grumbled a rude response.
He could not explain the irreproducibility of the results of his experiment.
Unhappy caravans, straggling afoot through swamps and canebrakes.
Dictionaries list words in alphabetical order.
Her qualifications for the job are excellent.
The flux following the death of the emperor.
His deportation to a penal colony.
Insectivorous plants are considered carnivores.
A roomy but sparsely furnished apartment.
Barium sulfate is radiopaque.
Under cover of darkness.
A very amateurish job.
He made a few ad-lib remarks.
Inner circles of government.
A Moroccan guestworker in Canada was accused of aiding terrorists.
He fell morosely on the bed.
Clean healthy air.
Seemly behavior.
In contrast to.
The sites are determined by highly specific sequences of nucleotides.
Lift the tulip bulbs.
He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president.
Stuccoed ceilings.
They took him to the vet for neutering.
The wings of the birds clapped loudly.
Entrepreneurial risks.
The crash intruded on his awareness.
He had to consult his associate before continuing.
Cast anxious glances behind her.
Relics of a departed era.
In your shirtsleeves.
A parliamentary body.
The team had a very disappointing winless season.
Stated further that he would not cooperate with them.
The priest could not reveal her confidences.
Even with his head start she caught up with him.
Tangential forces.
Honorific social status commonly attaches to membership in a recognized profession.
Understanding affine transformations requires considerable mathematical sophistication.
An outside job.
Export wheat without quantitative limitations.
Sharpen the knives.
He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy.
Client complaints create a felt need for the defensibility of individual actions.
Only winners need apply.
Encouraging advances in medical research.
He is always in the know.
He had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name.
His arm was snapped forward.
Either too unsophisticated or too honest to promise more than he could deliver.
The president was not humbled by his narrow margin of victory.
Joint ownership.
He had thoughtfully brought with him some food to share.
As cacophonous as a henyard.
A perceived threat.
Naked from the waist up.
The squashed looking nakedness of the fledgling birds.
Early detection can often lead to a cure.
Draw a wagon.
So little republican and so much aristocratic sentiment.
He had trouble expressing the affection he felt.
Hard labor.
Edge a blade.
Any variation in his routine was immediately reported.
The living room was pure camp.
A few well-chosen words.
Too pressing to permit of longer delay.
The first experiment was a real turkey.
Sold cut whiskey.
The plow lay sidelong on the ground.
Foreign trade.
Taxable income.
Get together all those who are interested in the project.
The vibrating piano strings.
The enemy offered little resistance.
The product is commercially available.
A first stringer.
Finds himself in a most awkward predicament.
Don't overload the car.
Temporal and spacial boundaries.
She was word-perfect in her part.
A nonracial reason for the peremptory challenge of the juror.
Ten days after the bloodletting Hitler gave the action its name.
Inactive accounts.
A biflagellate zoospore.
The strange metallic note of the meadow lark, suggesting the clash of vibrant blades.
We market these drugs generically.
Dress the windows.
Direct primary legislation is largely permissive rather than prescriptive.
He got an estimate from the car repair shop.
She knew the poem by heart.
Unvitrified pottery.
A hefty dictionary.
A subtle mind.
Drinking alcohol is a health hazard.
The state has elected a new president.
Quarterly report.
She stayed longest.
Heedless of the child's crying.
A pyknic practical joke.
The nearby towns.
A frigid day.
He wrapped a tape around the package.
Messengers were moving unobtrusively over the jet-black mountain ranges, bearing confidential tidings from sheikhdom to sheikhdom.
A vapid smile.
A guttural voice.
The room was simply decorated with great restraint.
Any measure tending to fuse invalids into a class with special privileges should be discountenanced.
She didn't want to know the sex of the foetus.
Obsequious shop assistants.
Inversely related.
The horse was not accustomed to a bit.
The awesome complexity of the universe.
The present international situation is dangerous.
The raging sea.
An acrimonious dispute.
A key pressure point in the controversy was the building permit.
Good old boy.
Pitchfork hay.
She walked briskly in the cold air.
He was blissfully unaware of the danger.
A tertian tonal system.
He reads to improve his mind.
The channel will be open to navigation as soon as the ice melts.
Aircraft in the Mideast are on air alert.
A lyric soprano.
She told the joke deadpan.
The buyout negotiation lasted several days.
Undescended testicles have an increased risk for cancer.
Cross a horse and a donkey.
War that caught them in its toils either psychologically or physically.
They behaved aristocratically.
Disrespectful toward his teacher.
The vagaries of the weather.
The outdoor world.
He came dangerously close to falling off the ledge.
An uncomfortable way of surprising me just when I felt surest.
The most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views.
Rock music appeals to the young.
A reserve supply of food.
Marine explorations.
The mind functions on many strata simultaneously.
Demagogic speeches.
He examined the child's head for vermin.
The soul of honor.
The patient had to be fed intravenously.
He had the attitude that work was fun.
She's the very image of her mother.
A lightweight fabric.
Prescriptive grammar is concerned with norms of or rules for correct usage.
Snow blanketed the fields.
Renewable energy such as solar energy is theoretically inexhaustible.
A rise in crime symptomatic of social breakdown.
She had a little money left over so she went to a movie.
Confiscated the misbranded drugs.
Leaf-clothed trees.
Unaware of the danger they were in.
A tidy person.
A critical attitude.
Was unresponsive to her passionate advances.
A miniature camera.
Underlying principles.
Fix a race.
Reduce the influx of foreigners.
The sorbed oil mass.
Teasing and worrying with impish laughter.
A slim waist and shapely legs.
Unlike champerty, criminal maintenance does not necessarily involve personal profit.
Hypocritical praise.
A headful of tight curls.
The startup of the new factory was delayed by strikes.
She forbore a snicker.
An appeal to his uncle was his last resort.
Blood and other vital fluids.
The candidate's doubtful past.
A compatible married couple.
A seeded lawn.
They ran a feature on retirement planning.
Clonic spasm.
Made a last desperate attempt to reach the climber.
The Indian subcontinent.
The facts point to a contrary conclusion.
The goalie made a brilliant save.
Technology to help the elderly and the disabled.
The floor around the tree was littered with gifts already unwrapped.
Tend a store.
The two lovers killed themselves in a suicide pact.
A futile search for intelligent nightlife.
They negotiated via a back channel.
Vultures usually feed on carrion or roadkill.
Moral degeneracy followed intellectual degeneration.
A light smoker.
He had a kidney transplant.
The children were playing house.
He stood in a pool of light.
The semi-prostrate evergreen, purple heather.
A citrous disease.
Someone stole his wallet while he was in a drunken stupor.
A prodigious storm.
Dirty-blonde hair.
The enclosed check is to cover shipping and handling.
Virtual reality.
That is the least of my concerns.
The very capaciousness of the idea meant that agreement on fundamentals was unnecessary.
He recommended her without any reservations.
When you want something done get a doer.
This proves beyond peradventure that he is innocent.
The termination of the agreement.
Natal injuries.
Every party is welcome.
A fascinating story.
Trying to sound offhanded and reassuring.
No significant difference was found.
Arrive home at a reasonable hour.
An anemic attempt to hit the baseball.
A chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady.
Dumb officials make some really dumb decisions.
Huge country estates.
She was in my year at Hoehandle High.
We are flying nonstop form New York to Tokyo.
Genetic code.
From the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome.
The Earth is an ellipsoid.
He was convicted circumstantially.
The formidable prospect of major surgery.
Tiny feet.
The board has seven members.
An indiscernible increase in temperature.
He sat bolt upright.
Recess lights.
A surly waiter.
The workers in the plant were unorganized.
He seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life.
She was now truly American.
We can never have completely assured lives.
The chairs were arranged in a circle.
His smile said that everything was copacetic.
Brim a cup to good fellowship.
A certain fluidness in his perception of time made him an unpredictable colleague.
Elvish tricks.
Some undefined sense of excitement.
Pipe oil, water, and gas into the desert.
Roll over a loan.
Shake well before using.
Mud-beplastered arguments.
Short in cotton.
Keen winds.
Broad daylight.
It is inconvenient not to have a telephone in the kitchen.
Felt elated and excited.
The religious scene in England has changed in the last century.
A man of quality.
Spoke in a servile tone.
The dog worried his bone.
A clipped upper-class accent.
Lock the bike to the fence.
Write out a check.
He strained to hear the faint sounds.
The genes of Drosophila fall into four linkage groups.
The British like to keep a stiff upper lip.
Music is a good relaxer.
We were visiting a small, thickly walled and lovely town with straggling outskirt.
The old product was reincarnated to appeal to a younger market.
He treated her impolitely.
The richly endowed but underpopulated Ivory Coast.
Draw a card.
The mechanical pressure of a strong wind.
Tardive dyskinesia.
Artificial fibers.
Decisions of great consequence are made by the president himself.
Filial respect.
Unconfessed sins.
The opening established the basic theme.
The invalid's blanched cheeks.
Some campsites have electrical hookups for trailers.
Pulmonary disease.
The town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors.
A parade of witnesses.
We were really pumped up for the race.
He could no longer earn his own livelihood.
The streetcar trundled down the avenue.
The dog licked her hand.
Prices have gone sky-high.
A working knowledge of Spanish.
We must instill a sense of duty in our children.
He minded his own specialized occasions.
Neural disorder.
His new software is a follow-up to the programs they started with.
Reconstructive surgery.
A standing lamp.
The subject made for labored reading.
The Allied powers.
Unconscionable spending.
Severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses.
Though his associates were dishonest, he remained uncorrupted.
Sat completely still, sick with envy.
Tripped when he stepped backward.
Lurid flames.
Gusty winds.
He paid all his bills by check.
In a peaceable and orderly manner.
The audience was full of Madonna wannabes.
He was well aware of the richness of his own appearance.
Give me whatever peaches you don't want.
He signed the deed.
The path of virtue.
A repressive regime.
Dipping each his bread into a communal dish of stew.
Renewable subscriptions.
A winding country road.
The operative word.
An extemporaneous piano recital.
Bread is baked on the premises.
Raise a shout.
The job was finished in the span of an hour.
The tissue in the eye's cornea may opacify and the patient may go blind.
The Hindu faith.
His state is in the deep south.
Segment a compound word.
A homeless tramp.
Kind words showing understanding and sympathy.
Beat one's foot rhythmically.
The puzzle is soluble.
Beyond my ken.
Everything she cooked seemed to have rice as the base.
A low stunt to pull.
Arterial disease.
The box was lying on the floor upside down.
An uncouth soldier--a real tough guy.
This land was devoted to mining.
Haul stones from the quarry in a truck.
Unlawful measures.
He reported his observations to the mayor.
A clumsy and wasteful process.
He refused to put the initials FRS after his name.
An on-the-spot reporter.
Frustrated by the narrowness of people's horizons.
Daffodils galore.
Bewitching smile.
Occipital bone.
An imperceptible nod.
Fighting in defense of their firesides.
An active member of the club.
Juggle an account so as to hide a deficit.
A bunch of trees.
But there is always the famous example of the Smiths.
His recent trip to Africa.
Build a modern nation.
Shop til you drop.
Pure gold.
A drain on resources.
In hot weather they dined in their shirtsleeves.
The characters in Henry James' novels are forever paying calls on each other, usually in the parlor of some residence.
Some people in publishing think of theirs as a glamorous medium so they copy the glitter of Hollywood.
He discovered a backup in the toilet.
Arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order.
Ugly crimes.
An infallible antidote.
Extreme danger.
He was dashingly handsome.
Dumping his garbage on my land was a case of continuing trespass.
A stabbing remark.
Drainage here is imperfect.
Hot merchandise.
A distant likeness.
The jumper's parachute opened.
Unchivalrously, the husbands who had to provide such innocent indulgences eventually began to count the costs.
As usual, she arrived late.
Our lawsuit is still undetermined.
A wrongful diversion of trust income.
Tenderize meat.
He received thanks but no pecuniary compensation for his services.
Prolapsed rectum.
As they say in the trade.
He ran away from home to join the circus.
A valid argument.
The barrens of central Africa.
A little less posh but every bit as stylish as Lord Peter Wimsey.
The committal service will be held next Monday.
Aboriginal forests.
Accepted two or three verbal and rhetorical changes I suggested.
Assorted sizes.
A polymorphous god.
You must respect the confidentiality of your client's communications.
Platoons of tourists poured out of the busses.
He teaches at the medical school but his fortune came from private practice.
Trivially motivated requests.
Resurgent nationalism.
His goal was the repression of insolence.
Atomic formulas and all compounds thence constructible.
A revised edition.
Tamp the coffee grinds in the container to make espresso.
He only works sporadically.
Intelligible pronunciation.
Led a gay Bohemian life.
It was the wrong moment for a joke.
Men have decreed that their women must be pure and virginal.
A bare hill.
An energetic group of hikers.
He was watching her surreptitiously as she waited in the hotel lobby.
The antihistamine made her feel more comfortable.
The hurricane demolished houses in its path.
In spite of her love of reading she denied being an egghead.
Neglectful parents.
Gun shots volleyed at the attackers.
She was afraid that her bloomers might have been showing.
A saline substance.
The last time I saw Paris.
Graduates well equipped to handle such problems.
He embellished his stories liberally.
Deadly poisons.
A fleck of red.
A hyperbolic style.
Membranous lining.
Tip the screen upward.
A fire left unattended.
A multilingual translator.
Immediate contact.
The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing.
The sun shone aslant into his face.
All-out war.
They lived ignorantly in their own small world.
The Lorentz force can be used to suspend a current-carrying object between two magnets.
Occupation of a building without a certificate of occupancy is illegal.
On the same side of the street.
A sharp drop in the stock market.
Temporal joys.
Choral ensemble.
Let's call heads a success and tails a failure.
It requires vigilance on our part.
An inefficient campaign against drugs.
A nervous addict.
An improved breed.
He was never one to keep a low profile.
He's a master of the business deal.
He's usually a late riser.
Life is full of tribulations.
A grain of sand.
Rejection of the transplanted liver.
A fox kit.
The guardian's duties were primarily sanctionative rather than administrative.
The drug is intended to be administered parenterally.
The balcony overlooking the ballroom.
The motor whirred.
Align the sheets of paper on the table.
Some member of his own party hoped privately for his defeat.
Lexicostatistic techniques.
The runner was put out at third base.
Roads and trees glazed with an icy film.
He has a cold in the nose.
Was interested to hear about her family.
The Latin Quarter.
Unfavorable conditions.
As he called the role he put a check mark by each student's name.
She congratulated him somewhat insincerely.
He hired someone to do the plowing for him.
Many of the facts seemed twisted out of any semblance to reality.
Electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks.
That kid is a terrible pain.
A detail was sent to remove the fallen trees.
The oral surface of a starfish.
Sift through the job candidates.
They sent us a card from Miami.
A bouncing gait.
Infantile paralysis.
Stale bread.
Early diagnosis.
He became ill from overwork.
Things of the heart.
It hit slap-bang in the middle.
The standard fixtures.
Revalue the German Mark.
A masterful speaker.
Likely candidates for the job.
Stock prices are drifting higher.
In due course.
Clinched a victory.
An enabling resolution.
The county condemned the land to build a highway.
The floating population.
Taxes on undeveloped lots are low.
The small disordered room.
He was ordered to report for induction into the army.
A cherubic face.
A welcoming smile.
Noise seems inappropriate at a time of sadness.
All of human history.
She is the personification of optimism.
Bid farewell.
A good site for the school.
The pace of events accelerated.
Mercerize cotton.
He climbed into the crotch of a tree.
The bullet pinged when they struck the car.
The Fed seeks to control the United States economy by raising and lowering short-term interest rates and the money supply.
The Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
The figurative art of the humanistic tradition.
A forthright approach to the problem.
Coddle eggs.
Offshore oil reserves.
Recommended one book in particular.
Mandate a colony.
Too clever to be sound.
The lost platoon.
She bought a lovely piece of china.
We hired her on the spot.
A moneymaking business.
He lives high.
The Spanish Inquisition was administered by both civil and church authorities which gave it ultimate power.
Turned sideways to show the profile.
The uncertainty of the outcome.
It was the dawn of the Roman Empire.
Answer the door.
He learned to write the numerals before he went to school.
She gave him a level look.
He determined unique mechanisms for the photochemical reactions.
He was valued for his reliability and pliability.
Won by a substantial margin.
Synchronize biblical events.
Unaware of the newborn hope.
Shake the salt out of the salt shaker.
The stock market is down today.
The soft sciences.
Systematize our scientific knowledge.
We were unable to get satisfaction from the local store.
A faint aroma.
To create a notional world for oneself.
Academic protocol.
The kafkaesque terror of the endless interrogations.
Overweening greed.
An extinct volcano.
Problems of this type are very difficult to solve.
A petticoated table.
His coat had patches over the elbows.
A dry cow.
Biblical inerrancy.
Rational behavior.
Long on brains.
Hit the exact center of the target.
The ball hit the pocket and gave him a perfect strike.
The progress was agonizingly slow.
The department got a good comb-out.
His transparently lucid prose.
A dirty fighter.
A cantankerous and venomous-tongued old lady.
The formation of sentences.
A trivial mind.
Don't be greedy with the cookies.
Insuperable odds.
We had the last laugh after the votes were counted.
Slaphappy with exhaustion.
They attacked the enemy's line.
Spacious skies.
The poor child was his mother's shadow.
Two hours after that.
Vocalic sounds.
They attacked violently.
Hands in the starting position.
This storm is certainly a change for the worse.
That car is in the wrong traffic lane.
Hypertrophied myocardial fibers.
Came riding home in style.
An active antagonism.
The saint's bones were enshrined in the cathedral.
Fragments of a nearly complete jug, skillfully restored at the institute of archaeology.
Phallic worship.
The thawing of a frozen turkey takes several hours.
He expressed his ideas eloquently.
An indelicate remark.
Cultivated land.
He gave the hood a quick rub.
He had to take the rebuke with a smile on his face.
A declarer of his intentions.
He spoke with brutal honesty.
The vine climbed up the side of the house.
Was transferred up to headquarters.
Mechanical skills.
A whole wardrobe for the tropics.
Straining our ears to hear.
The necessary consequences of one's actions.
A good dollar bill.
A tempest swept over the island.
A truculent speech against the new government.
The ruled mass.
The two chess kings are set up on squares of opposite colors.
Unsegmented worms.
Let it be no detraction from his merits to say he is plainspoken.
A broken note.
The girl felt motherly and useful.
Pasteurize milk.
Behind you the coastal hills plunge to the incredibly blue sea backed by the Turkish mountains.
It was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass.
Eventually the family left the house to the devices of this malevolent force.
Outdated equipment.
A flowery hat.
His other arm lay across his chest, unnaturally, as if placed there deliberately, for a purpose.
Could be seen clearly under the microscope.
Threadbare rugs.
We estimated the answer stochastically.
Bilabial fricatives.
A warm temper.
Industrial output.
A delicious joke.
Currently they live in Connecticut.
Orotund tones.
A concern with outward beauty rather than with inward reflections.
Rejective or overcritical attitudes of disappointed parents.
The principal example.
He was my pick for mayor.
His hand was illegible.
A downcast glance.
The casings had rotted away and had to be replaced.
Ethereal melodies.
A still small voice.
A brilliant performance.
In starkly realistic terms.
Significant details.
A double-dyed villain.
Anomic loners musing over their fate.
Exuberant compliments.
He started the company in his garage.
Snow-capped peaks.
My pencils are all pointless.
He smiled broadly.
The jolted passengers.
A bare blade.
She had a tattoo just above her bellybutton.
Two subjects on which he was eminently qualified to make an original contribution.
A few wispy memories of childhood.
She was his main squeeze.
Enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work.
Rock that is permeable by water.
Spatial awareness.
The older soldiers.
The criminal had been living next door all this time.
A natural easiness of manner.
Invading Iraq won't be a cakewalk.
An integer is a number that is not a fraction.
His shouted words of encouragement could be heard over the crowd noises.
A catalyst linearizes polyethylene.
The vacuousness of her face belied her feelings.
A sweltering room.
Guard against infection.
Insular territories.
He had a vision of his own death.
Supernormal intimations.
Break a fall.
Methylated alcohol.
A topical and timely study of civil liberty.
The steady state theory has been abandoned in favor of the big bang theory.
A Daniel come to judgment.
Damask is a double-faced fabric.
He increased the leanness and suppleness of the organization.
He kept wondering profanely why everything bad happened to him.
A raw deal.
Hard-surface roads.
Matters came to a head yesterday.
Temperate plants.
The armies met in the shock of battle.
Instructions altered to suit the children's different ages.
An original and two manifolds.
There was a connection via the internet.
Ironlike discipline of the Marines.
An aquatic environment.
He's not a friend, he's an infliction.
Nobody, least of all Joe, agreed with me.
The movie is unsuitable for children.
The witness remained silent.
The greater penetration of the new projectiles will result in greater injuries.
The pervasive odor of garlic.
Most people like eggs.
A kernel of corn.
An inextinguishable flame.
Blackish clouds.
A small business.
Her acceptance of the gift encouraged him.
Cultivated speech.
Boisterous practical jokes.
Spastic paralysis is a spastic form of cerebral palsy.
A weighty man.
An embedded subordinate clause.
In the abdominal region.
Palmately cleft.
The colors changed wondrously slowly.
A partially obstructed passageway.
Judicable issues.
Proceed by more and more detailed analysis to the molecular facts of perception.
Her face was as hard as stone.
Satiny gardenia petals.
Mutinous thoughts.
A nuclear freeze.
Space flight to other galaxies becomes more cogitable.
Identical triangles.
Vigorous worrying finally loosened the saw.
The patient appeared to be in distress.
There has been talk about you lately.
An uncheerful place.
This new music is certainly different but I don't really like it.
The seamy side of life.
The Welsh marches between England and Wales.
Whiff out a prayer.
He wanted to know what the competition was doing.
Pretending she is on an intimate footing with those she slanders.
They live by the standards of their community.
Evidence contradicted the government's claims.
Overactivity of the sebaceous glands causes the skin to become oily.
Crooked malposed teeth.
He suffered from fatigue and emotional tension.
In the uttermost distress.
Now my sworn friend and then mine enemy.
Compact clusters of flowers.
They used umbrellas as shades.
The pawky rich old lady who incessantly scores off her parasitical descendants.
A quiet sedate nature.
After full moon comes the waning moon.
Some paper.
Gave only qualified approval.
He is incapable of understanding the matter.
The landscape unit drawn diagrammatically illustrates the gentle rolling relief, with a peat-filled basin.
She expressed herself pithily.
The Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front.
Listened intently.
Demands specific to the job.
The judge recognized the fairness of my claim.
Roast beef au jus.
What others think is altogether indifferent to him.
Cars in an unbroken procession.
Diphtheria toxoid.
Revered holy men.
The pursuit of electoral palatability.
Thread film.
Such lax and slipshod ways are no longer acceptable.
A calculated insult.
Objections were voiced on every hand.
The mind of the audience is becoming dulled.
Each industry has its own trade publications.
They envied her naturally curly hair.
A man of intellectual refinement.
Implicit trust.
He submitted a faulty report.
Observant and thoughtful, he was given to asking sagacious questions.
Of incalculable value.
Let's treat the prisoners of war humanely.
Duty has become the Moloch of modern life.
Classy clothes.
She was crying quietly.
They gave the chairman a vote of confidence.
All the comforts of home.
He gave credence to the gossip.
Catch the mood.
A reflex response to physical stimuli.
Accommodational strain.
The rock star was quietly led out the back door.
Serve the country.
Unpalatable truths.
He skips asterisks and gives you the gamy details.
A passage for solo clarinet.
Electrical and mechanical engineering industries.
A poor excuse for an automobile.
Attentive to details.
A hail of pebbles.
The beheaded prisoners.
A sawed-off broomstick.
The interstices of a network.
An anonymous gift.
Artifacts suggestive of an ancient society.
He awaited word from his man in Havana.
He bundled up his few possessions.
A trail lined by putrescent carcasses.
She tempered her criticism.
The inferno of the engine room.
The unhappy truth.
Able to get a grant for the project.
They wished him Godspeed.
They made inroads in the United States market.
She was talking uphill.
Particles in space exist in the form of a plasma.
Universities recognized the enormity of their task.
They sat by the fire and talked.
There are many differences between jazz and rock.
She served a creamy sort of dessert thing.
There are laboratories for commercial testing.
An inaugural ceremony.
There is not a drop of pity in that man.
We come from a far country.
Unsealed goods.
Editorial duties.
He could never refuse a dare.
He is subject to fits of depression.
Washy coffee.
Delicate handmade baby dresses.
Man-made fibers.
This building is aesthetically very pleasing.
An igneous desert atmosphere.
A COD parcel.
Repel the attacker.
An attractive personality.
An ineluctable destiny.
He could pursue his studies undisturbed.
Dike the land to protect it from water.
He started his new job auspiciously on his birthday.
Quite soon.
He had filled out the form completely.
Drop-force the metal.
Often drugs and crime are not dissociable.
The medicine's effect was opposite to that intended.
Potentially useful.
The river runs cross-country.
Impure thoughts.
The Canadian government scrapped plans to tax the grants to aboriginal college students.
They had a most twirlingly magnificent time.
A contribution so small as to be laughable.
The price was prohibitive.
He made a great splash and then disappeared.
She used a different color for the trim.
This room has great possibilities.
His documentation of the results was excellent.
An unlearned group incapable of understanding complex issues.
He longed for the flowers that were yet to show themselves.
Her body looked sapless.
Corporate rates.
His protruding ribs.
Ox-eyed Juno.
He likes to play golf with the boys.
A gilled tadpole.
The company had a long payroll.
The foreigner was a casteless person.
An opportune place to make camp.
She went all the way with him.
She could not forbear weeping.
The beaming sun.
A prefectural museum.
Execrable crimes.
The corporate good.
A frenzied mob.
Was stupid from fatigue.
Stack your books up on the shelves.
A slack grip.
The blade turned uppermost.
He is apt to ignore matters he considers unimportant.
A dark-haired beauty.
Meandering streams.
He was born out of wedlock.
An incautious step sent her headlong down the stairs.
He fell asleep.
A general rule.
A place in my heart.
An animated cartoon.
Everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock.
A decision unfavorable to the opposition.
The punishment ought to be proportional to the crime.
A longtime friend.
A natural reaction.
Uproarious stories.
A large turnout for the meeting.
Sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal.
Puffy off-shore winds.
A failure traceable to lack of energy.
Things obscurely felt surged up from unknown depths.
There is no greater sadness that the dwindling away of a family.
A moneyless economy.
Powder-smeared and frowzled.
Irreversible momentum toward revolution.
The thief's identification was followed quickly by his arrest.
He was on trial for allegedly murdering his wife.
The water in the ocean is all saltwater.
Rent payable in advance constitutes an annuity in advance for the landlord.
Her wishes had a great influence on his thinking.
Superior wisdom derived from experience.
Was very hard to please.
There is a stopover to change planes in Chicago.
An electrical storm.
A gusty storm with strong sudden rushes of wind.
He was sentenced in absentia.
Light verse.
Pay attention to.
Blunt talking and straight shooting.
The conductor set the beat.
They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings.
No one can be a poet without a certain unsoundness of mind.
A watchful parent with a toddler in tow.
Not a policeman in sight.
One of the hot young talents.
A panoramic view.
Load a car.
Larval crayfishes.
A loveless marriage.
His appetite for facts was better than his digestion.
Certified as unfit for army service.
Rifles exploded quick knives of fire into the dark.
The team was unable to capitalize on the power play.
Block grants reduce federal responsibility for social welfare.
A babel of inhuman noises.
Her playfulness surprised me.
Joints ankylose.
A weighty argument.
A dead shot.
Sex and the single girl.
A clamorous uproar.
A valid contract.
Her face was beautifully made up.
Priapic figurines.
It is a remarkable thing.
A ready wit.
The wine was unclouded.
A star athlete can make a lot of money from endorsements.
An unchecked temper.
He smiled at them both impartially.
He repeated her remarks verbatim.
Consenting adults.
Impossible behavior.
The school was very selective in its admissions.
An unjust accusation.
Guilty of murder.
Having to stand in line so long was a real bummer.
A kind master.
The level of activity declines with age.
The issue underlying the strike was unionization.
A volitional act.
The book underwent fundamental changes.
An imperceptible drop in temperature.
A coat of seal.
My own special chair.
A notifiable disease.
A truncate leaf.
Sectarian differences.
You'll find it in the hardware department.
Daub the wall.
A bowfront house.
A worn suit.
The antis smelled victory after a long battle.
He tried to strangle his opponent.
Subluxate the hip.
The woman looked up at her incredulously.
Up to no good.
Beg the point in the discussion.
Taken in by high-sounding talk.
Streets ablaze with lighted Christmas trees.
The sweep of the plains.
An awkward dancer.
The subjects' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution.
Extreme pleasure.
A paroxysm of giggling.
Joyless evenings.
This man behaves anomalously.
Rigorous application of the law.
The forwarding of resumes to the personnel department.
Out to win every event.
Collegiate attitudes.
An operational aircraft.
She had been ill for months, unbeknownst to the family.
Sparkling eyes.
A rearward movement.
A summa cum laude graduate.
However he did it, it was very clever.
The emperor's tomb had his image carved in stone.
Seasoned wood.
Every word has a syndrome of meanings.
An addled egg.
A shrinkable fabric.
He carried his small bag onto the plane with him.
He traveled crosstown.
Schismatic sects.
Plowed fields.
The Togolese capital.
Weak colors.
A wide-open town.
It aided him materially in winning the argument.
Baste a hem.
The fashioning of pots and pans.
History has clearly shown the folly of that policy.
A stumpy ungainly figure.
An excessive ornateness of language.
He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary.
A repulsive mask.
He wanted to live his own life without interference from others.
The girls were well turned out and smart.
Although I'm a little afraid, however I'd like to try it.
Held hard to the railing.
A pile of boards sticking over the end of his truck.
A Utopian believes in the ultimate perfectibility of man.
She had several items on her shopping list.
The insulation of England was preserved by the English Channel.
A sopranino recorder.
Deep slushy mud.
A gallant warrior.
Canned laughter.
Basic dyes have an affinity for wool and silk.
A young hand at plowing.
There was too much anger and disturbance.
Unsympathetic officialdom.
The starkness of his contrast between justice and fairness was open to many objections.
Things left unsaid.
They played up the silliness of their roles for camp effect.
A propitious alignment of planets for space exploration.
Tripped over a pile of magazines.
Hereditary monarchy.
It's a pity he couldn't do it.
The march of science.
Hard-core pornography.
Suddenly she felt a sharp pain in her side.
She looked haggardly out of her tent.
Drive the cows into the barn.
Jealous of his success and covetous of his possessions.
Biblical names.
Convulsive motions.
A team of aging second-raters.
This is a didactically sound method.
Bales of rude cotton.
They demanded some proof of my sincerity.
The revolution resulted in a redistribution of wealth.
A saber-toothed tiger.
A chestnut horse.
The victorious entry.
My opinion differs from yours.
A missing person.
He is justifiably bitter.
Uncover your belly.
Breathtaking adventure.
Legible handwriting.
Joint income-tax return.
The head of the column advanced boldly.
Shredded and desiccated coconut meat.
The nerve is alive.
Only an avid hoper could expect the team to win now.
Each confession brought her into an attitude of abasement.
He was quick to point out his wife's failings.
Soprano voice.
Inoffensive behavior.
The ferny shadows of locust leaves.
The entire building complained about the noise.
Twine a rope.
Time marches on inexorably.
The highway was lined with signboards.
Collate the papers.
Pure oxygen.
Names are called categorems.
Sheer stupidity.
Wild rice was served as an accompaniment to the main dish.
Privy to inner knowledge.
Spent a frightful amount of money.
A barely furnished room.
The cost in human life was enormous.
Given the engine's condition, it is a wonder that it started.
An extraordinary capacity for work.
Glaciers move tardily.
The requirements of his work affected his health.
There was a sag in the chair seat.
Your letter arrived apropos.
Look for an early end to the negotiations.
Line a chimney.
A raging battle.
The Julian calendar.
Aggressive drivers.
The clattery sound of dishes.
Heel that dance.
The conquest of space.
Every child needs a role model.
The successful copywriter is a master of apposite and evocative verbal images.
He was negatively affected.
He bought a device to digitize the data.
Weariness overcame her after twelve hours and she fell asleep.
Floss your teeth after every meal.
The pointedness of his sarcasm was unmistakable.
His entire lineage has been warriors.
Aircraft with sweptback wings.
An elaborate formal dinner with all the fixings.
Good taste.
Self-confidence is not an endearing property.
The cannibal's teeth were filed to sharp points.
An indeterminate stem.
An ordinary day.
The author's elusiveness may at times be construed as evasiveness.
Prime a cannon.
An adviser helped students select their courses.
We had long anticipated his cadaverous end.
A redeemable sinner.
The brilliant sound of the trumpets.
Wild colors.
Her constant complaints were the main source of his frustration.
In Britain they call a jimmy and jemmy.
A Pyrrhic victory.
The ring is of no lapidary value.
Production of furniture remained largely unmechanized.
Experimental psychologists measure the elapsed time from the onset of the stimulus to its recognition by the observer.
A do-nothing government.
Figurines presage the emergence of sculpture in Greece.
This car consumes a lot of gas.
He believes in the ultimate perfectibility of man.
A figment of the imagination.
They funded research and development.
The colonies revolted against the Crown.
It is not work but worry that kills.
The powers of darkness.
The period of tension and consequent need for military preparedness.
Ladle the water out of the bowl.
Sound advice.
Metatarsal bones.
The true meaning of the statement.
The making of measurements.
His charm soon won him affection and popularity.
Grind designs into the glass bowl.
A cyborg is a cybernetic organism.
Jab with your left.
Women ovulate about once every month.
Should not tamely submit to the unpredictable and ununderstood cycles of wars.
A sensible odor.
Their holiday was spent in sleep and vegetation.
A stipulation of fact was made in order to avoid delay.
Meatless days.
A convict still at large.
Intrasentential co-occurrence.
A wet cow.
A nice day.
Connective remarks between chapters.
They are trying to determine the cause of the crash.
A subfusc mining town.
A delightful breeziness of manner.
The government was overthrown nonviolently, but the dictator was killed.
Short vowels are unstressed.
The reviews were all positive.
An ornamental gold braid on the shoulder of his uniform.
Ice-clogged rivers.
Urban property owners.
Step lively.
Harsh irritating smoke filled the hallway.
An ambiguous situation with no frame of reference.
Mayoral elections.
Meanwhile I will not think about the problem.
Thousands of dolphins and porpoises and whales are killed as part of the by-catch each year.
A charming but thoroughly insincere woman.
Incipient civil disorder.
All men are equal before the law.
A total failure.
Undivided responsibility.
The same homely dress she wore in the days of her peasanthood.
The professor's clarification helped her to understand the textbook.
He fell short of our expectations.
Negotiable demands.
Offer prayers to the gods.
She was kind to an uncommon degree.
A canonical book of the Christian New Testament.
Sometimes her photography is breathtaking.
Held an unlit cigarette.
First we must consider the garter snake.
We'll adjourn here for lunch and discuss the remaining issues this afternoon.
Ineradicable superstitions.
Suddenly the board lit up like a Christmas tree.
A committee was appointed to oversee the reorganization of the curriculum.
A flat-footed refusal.
He has a dubious record indeed.
The royal couple's much heralded world tour.
It brought out his better side.
Your willingness after these six arduous days to remain here.
Need extra help.
Fresh vegetables were scarce during the drought.
Took a hard look.
A superb meal.
Mountains visible in the distance.
A well-wired house.
Famous for a mean backhand.
No schools offer graduate study in interior design.
The raped countryside.
A comal tuft.
Catalytic reactions.
The best results are generally obtained by inserting the needle into the point of maximum tenderness.
A strategic chess move.
He was morbidly fascinated by dead bodies.
Pitiful exhibition of cowardice.
The old car needs constant attention.
A species unique to Australia.
Subsequent developments.
Enough food.
Fireflies are chemiluminescent.
The borrowing of ancient motifs was very apparent.
We began to steer away westerly.
For your sake.
The powder deflagrated.
The nakedness of the landscape.
The clayey soil was heavy and easily saturated.
Fierce fighting.
Bracket bookshelves.
He gave the customer a demonstration.
Clerical collar.
Was censured for unprofessional conduct.
A cohesive organization.
The buoys were markers for the channel.
There are not many fourth termers in the Senate.
Errors are vanishingly rare.
Made things warm for the bookies.
Wrench one's ankle.
Pound the cows so they don't stray.
He joined the ranks of the unemployed.
She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street.
The departing train.
A totalitarian regime crushes all autonomous institutions in its drive to seize the human soul.
Men of the choleric type take to kicking and smashing.
Toiling coal miners in the black deeps.
A deep gash.
An upstairs room.
A successful musical must have at least three good songs.
The turnout for the rally.
They feared use of the smallpox virus as a bioweapon.
A brilliant solution to the problem.
She regarded the food suspiciously.
He eyed him up and down.
A gluttonous appetite for food and praise and pleasure.
The agency of providence.
Ontological speculations.
Unworthy of forgiveness.
Demonstrates a surefooted storytelling talent.
The presidential candidate made a remark off the cuff.
The whole office was late the morning of the blizzard.
It was elaborately spelled out.
A library catalog is metadata because it describes publications.
No sound explanation for his decision.
Plainspoken and to the point.
The critics were lavish in their praise.
The water's muddiness made it undrinkable.
Purify the water.
The total Nazi crime.
He had so rapaciously desired and so obtusely expected to find her alone.
A piano was in one corner of the room.
A battery-powered radio.
Peremptory commands.
She certainly is a hard worker.
His steps turned toward home.
Hygienic habits like using disposable tissues.
Went to bed supperless.
She's quite a girl.
Without bankable stars the film script aroused no interest.
A nonslip surface.
He felt a constriction in her chest.
Cellulosic fibers.
He bought a shelfful of books.
Guarantee to free the prisoners.
Undigested food.
They shouted happily.
Her leg twitched convulsively.
A late development.
His voice had no trace of the drawl that you would expect to find in a fashionably dressed young man.
The bronchioles terminate in a capillary bed.
A radical verb form.
Violate the basic laws or human civilization.
Responsible journalism.
A mere caption unworthy of a reply.
It has just enough salt.
Much information is available through computers.
Good clean fun.
The student looked around the examination room with apprehension.
The taproot of his resentment.
Travel allowance.
Unglazed paper.
A dusty pile of books.
She was in labor for six hours.
Pull your thoughts together.
The production of white blood cells.
An important piece of the evidence.
We are monitoring the air quality.
Avid for adventure.
Depressed by the loss of his job.
Do not operate machinery after imbibing alcohol.
He quickly assembled the fitted pieces.
Hear in a roundabout way that her ex-husband was marrying her best friend.
Cerebellar artery.
In England they call a real estate agent a land agent.
She was accused of worse things than cheating and lying.
Neuralgic pains.
Emergency police were on hand in case of trouble.
The growing season for corn.
They took a scunner against the United States.
Beyond any stretch of his understanding.
We refurbished the guest wing.
A dip in prices.
Differences were microscopic.
The horse had a blaze between its eyes.
A welcome relief.
She emulously tried to outdo her older sister.
Explicable behavior.
He played the drums at a jazz club.
A large family.
Terrestrially changeable.
A suppressed press.
They discussed plans for a new bond issue.
Startling earthquake shocks.
The servants showed great tact and discretion.
Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.
The senator's campaign handlers.
Felt the wool.
Swollen hands.
A vulgar gesture.
The team's nonpareil center fielder.
Clap two boards together.
A flat desk.
She likes funky clothes.
A provocative smile.
On the other hand, she is too ambitious for her own good.
A long-distance freight train.
The propensity of disease to spread.
Cut a record.
Veneer the furniture to protect it.
Unquenchable thirst.
His suspiciousness destroyed his marriage.
Dutiable imports.
The common cold.
Bandages on her cut wrists.
Ghastly shrieks.
All vocal beings hymned their praise.
Dust the bread with flour.
Regions of outer space.
Married by an Episcopalian minister.
They were rescued from despair at the last minute.
Removing the object will intransitivize the verbs.
Olympian beauty and serene composure.
He knows a million gags.
Black deeds.
Do nothing.
He studied the snake intensively.
Carnivorous plants are capable of trapping and digesting small animals especially insects.
The Judeo-Christian tradition.
Everything sounded very peaceful and domestic.
An increasing monotonic function.
Thanked her for her kind letter.
A triune God.
White supremacism.
A vague and fuzzy idea of the world of finance.
Sustained flight.
Offstage noises.
The summer was sultry and oppressive.
A received moral idea.
The secret of Cajun cooking.
His bearded face already has a set hollow look.
She made her wishes explicit.
The star got passes for his family.
Sailed the austral seas.
Glanced away.
He has responsibility for the running of two companies at the same time.
Priapic victories.
Weed the garden.
A fresh scent.
The priest sat for confession.
Doglike devotion.
The idea of having enough money to retire at fifty is very appealing.
Our manifold failings.
Our neighbor was very kind about the window our son broke.
The islands are of strategic importance.
A completely furnished toolbox.
A grievous offense against morality.
The two men grappled with each other for several minutes.
A beautiful party.
A malfunctioning valve.
A floury clay.
He plotted the orbit of the moon.
Friendliness is the salesman's stock in trade.
Draw parallels.
Sweet memories of gone summers.
Each club played six home games with teams in its own division.
Sell holdings he has in corporations.
The team played poorly.
Then he left.
An unexciting novel.
Presented an undivided front.
An oral agreement.
The nurse gave him a flu shot.
Now they try to shorten the patient's hospitalization.
Much given to apothegmatic instruction.
Frame a policy.
They organized a rescue operation.
They borrowed a page from the playbook of the opposition.
She's better in math than in history.
This adjective is used appositively.
A sizzling steak.
The secretary keeps the minutes of the meeting.
Fierce white-hot loyalty.
The practice may go back still farther to the Druids.
Riled no end by his lies.
Sordid avarice.
Pan-fry the dumplings.
First-string players.
A power broker who does you a favor will expect you to return it.
Ungrudging admiration.
A matter of particular and unusual importance.
The foot of the list.
She solved the problem creatively.
The economic growth overjoyed the German industry.
A trill is a rapid alternation between the two notes.
A store-bought dress.
Behavior that branded him as common.
Let's look at this phenomenon anachronistically.
From the plane we saw the city below agleam with lights.
Time the clock.
A dry white burgundy.
A sharpened pencil.
If he was the cynosure of all eyes he didn't notice.
An impolitic approach to a sensitive issue.
Unshaped dough.
Stone is abundant in New England and there are many quarries.
Motives inspired by Mammon were often inextricably blended with things pertaining to Caesar and to God.
Supernumerary ornamentation.
He repeated his position unrepentantly.
It worked up to right now.
Weigh heavily on the mind.
The sun just now came out.
Their closeness grew as the night wore on.
It was as if fortune guided his hand.
The law itself was unclear on that point.
A disgruntled employee planted a logic bomb.
A sound mind in a sound body.
The performance was middling at best.
He was responsible for the procurement of materials and supplies.
A warm trail.
Ancient transalpine Gaul was an area northwest of the Alps and included modern France and Belgium.
The material universe.
Hemophilia is determined by a gene defect on an X chromosome.
The rippled surface of the pond.
The neighborhood is ethnically diverse.
They used a power play to return the kickoff.
A disqualified player.
Through traffic.
The forwardness of the harvest this year.
Cast fearful glances at the large dog.
Totem poles are modern rather than prehistoric.
We drove here and there in the darkness.
She felt no discomfort as the dentist drilled her deadened tooth.
A merciful god.
A lucky escape.
A knowledgeable critic.
A message of hope for suffering humanity.
Iceberg is still the most popular lettuce.
National interests.
Serially composed music.
She's really together.
National origin.
It is necessary to remove the adulterants before use.
Concentric rings.
The brightness of the orange sky was reflected in the dullness of the orange sea.
The siamese twins were not considered separable.
Commercial trucker.
Draw the shades.
Conjunctive tissue in plants.
Familiar ordinary objects found in every home.
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue.
Vagile aquatic animals.
He played the song ad nauseam.
A far from peaceful Christmas.
She tried to win his heart with her many attentions.
A room of smiling faces.
A totally graceless hostess.
He bought a lot on the lake.
The game was interrupted by a brief shower.
The left bank of a river is bank on your left side when you are facing downstream.
Gastric ulcer.
We heard the sound of marching.
Potential clients.
Questionable motives.
Five feet tall.
He found his niche in the academic world.
Attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world.
He answered the reporters' questions flippantly.
The catcher made a good throw to second base.
A racy literary style.
An ultraviolet lamp.
An oil baron.
The night was still.
He does it for kicks.
The game ended in a draw.
Irreplaceable antiques.
That tax bill had the senator's fingerprints all over it.
Some people want to Christianize ancient pagan sites.
The fenders had fallen off that old bus.
An unidentified species.
This piano has a wonderful touch.
She bought the whole caboodle.
Sympathetic neurons.
The assumed reason for his absence.
Few roses were still blooming.
Details of the plan remain sketchy.
Satanic cruelty.
A nationally uniform culture.
He is destructively aggressive.
An omelet flavored with fines herbes.
He left school before the end of term.
Abysmal misery.
Prospects were bleak.
Self-conscious awareness.
Gossip was the main business of the evening.
The ionization of a gas.
We're now quits.
Linearly polarized radiation.
Eternal truths.
A purulent wound.
A legitimate government.
He gives me the creeps.
Feeling amorous.
A company that has been run behindhand for years.
Make way for the President's motorcade.
A disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive.
An unexploded bomb.
They walked hand in hand.
Unfulfilled and uneasy men.
A contagion of mirth.
A definite statement of the terms of the will.
A curtain of secrecy.
The play was staged with ponderously realistic sets.
The manager pacified the customer with a smooth apology for the error.
Sudden but sure regret.
They are nowise different.
In England they call a hardwareman an ironmonger.
Phonograph records were sold in cardboard jackets.
The walls are held together with metal links placed in the wet mortar during construction.
Torn asunder.
One unfortunately sees historic features carelessly lost when estates fall into unsympathetic hands.
The diamond fields of South Africa.
Wide grass-covered plains as far as the eye could see.
The harvesting was complete.
The power of the Secretary of State in London increased gradually but imperceptibly.
A mustache dosed with bear grease.
The unsullied snow of mountains.
The hilus of the kidney.
The saving grace for both developments is that they are creating jobs.
Environmental pollution.
He was no heavier than a child.
Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed.
The separation of wheat from chaff.
The back hall is an inconvenient place for the telephone.
Cross members should be all steel.
A choky collar.
Employed on a temporary basis.
Achieved success in business only by underhand methods.
Unleavened bread is often simply flour mixed with water.
The kick must be synchronized with the arm movements.
A private place.
Had an odd name.
A professed philosopher.
My ear will not accept such violent accelerandos.
A discerning eye for color.
Disjoint the chicken before cooking it.
A still photograph.
In the doghouse.
Process hair.
Winch up the slack line.
Seemed to hear faint phantom bells.
Death put a period to his endeavors.
Drug cartels sometimes finance terrorist organizations.
The advertising campaign put them out front in sales.
Too often the significant episode deteriorates into sententious conversation.
Bombs fell at random.
Grass courts are faster than clay.
Celestial map.
Uncollected garbage in the streets.
The musician and the librettist were collaborators.
Follow the road.
Spectators were not allowed past the bar.
A skilled surgeon has many years of training and experience.
He spoke brazenly.
Cardiac arrest.
Phonemic analysis.
It threw her into a swivet.
The horse was three lengths ahead going into the home stretch.
Vehement dislike.
A commercial book.
Hard dry rolls left over from the day before.
Events now in process.
A handsome allowance.
Country-style sausage.
The book was full of errors.
The quarrel ended in a punch-up.
A flowery speech.
An amendment to piggyback the current law.
The hunt for submarines.
Substitute coffee.
Acts contrary to our code of ethics.
He tried to clear his head of the whisky fuzz.
Closely related taxonomically.
Last, I'll discuss family values.
Evaporate milk.
Terminological disputes.
Three nights later he collapsed.
Cold-blooded and indurate to public opinion.
A decentralized school administration.
The gist of the prosecutor's argument.
Abnormal profits.
Every person is mortal.
Harmonize the different interests.
The application of indexes to tables of data.
He behaved egotistically.
A heavy heart.
Fasten the lock onto the door.
Blunted emotions.
The gentleness and fatherliness of the strange old man eased her fears.
It was rather cold.
Procedural inexperience created difficulties.
He missed too many rehearsals.
The problem of absorbing immigrants harmoniously into British society is as important to the immigrants as to the British.
The holiday gave us the opportunity to visit Washington.
True memorability of phrase.
Looked all over for a suitable gift.
He vehemently denied the accusations against him.
All hands on deck.
The accident left her badly shaken.
A book so serious that it sometimes subsided into ponderousness.
Constitutional walk.
The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw.
The benign influence of pure air.
Improper banking practices.
This should be played glissando, please.
The platoon is combat-ready.
Erratic winds are the bane of a sailor.
Before a woman gives birth her waters break.
Solved the problem perfectly.
A hope that progressed from possibility to actuality.
Oily puddles in the streets.
A crapulous old reprobate.
Rental agreement.
He used his knife as a spreader.
A meshed road system.
The master bedroom.
Aquacultural methods.
Design a new sales strategy.
The finished bookcase costs much more than the unfinished ones.
The test tube held a column of white powder.
Some artists prefer the smoothness of a board.
The fire-light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room.
The nails were clinched.
A pedestrian movie plot.
Hot fuel rods.
The approach of winter.
He used a piece of tape for a belt.
An evasive statement.
There was blood in his urine.
He sensed the presence of danger.
The sun set behind the brow of distant hills.
Analytical reasoning.
Something went badly amiss in the preparations.
Don't give me any of that jazz.
Nodding daffodils.
Her voice is superbly disciplined.
He is such a sprawler he needs a bed to himself.
The quality of students has risen.
Gin game.
Political crosscurrents disrupted the conference.
He introduced me to Ahmet Bey.
Everything is in order for their arrival.
He writes in his leisure hours.
Roll out the paper.
His neck is broken.
The oversight was not imputable to him.
His religiousness is dialectically related to his sinfulness.
Solmizate a song before you learn the lyrics.
Their research uncovered new disease agents.
Theoretical physics.
He dealt with the problem of evil theologically, not philosophically.
A lazy no-count, good-for-nothing goldbrick.
Dress the salads.
The costs of reducing hardness depend on the relative amounts of calcium and magnesium compounds that are present.
They have interests all over the world.
The old man's muscles were sagging flabbily.
His back was to the wall.
There wasn't time to cook the unthawed turkey, so they had to settle for hotdogs.
His operas synthesize music and drama in perfect harmony.
After the Civil War he was a free man.
Develop the rook.
Hawkish congressman.
Rheumy with age and grief.
Their neighbors spoke well of them.
Her face became fascinatingly distorted.
High translunary dreams.
The new management was like a breath of fresh air.
Double-breasted suit.
A cold climate.
It was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar.
Only the crude vital statistics.
Smoky chimneys.
A nudist colony.
Neurological evidence.
Braided cordage.
They were climbing the ben.
He is a man who enjoys his comfort.
The anesthetic left her completely disoriented.
The surgeon scanned the X-ray.
An authentic account by an eyewitness.
Undo the shoelace.
Put her sewing aside when he entered.
A virtual dependence on charity.
In a final bravura the ballerina appeared to be floating in water.
Truss the roofs.
She keeps in line.
Stomach walls.
He kept the original copy and gave her only a xerox.
A faceless apparition.
Apply this medicine topically.
A baby's delicate skin.
A stray calf.
He explored every nook and cranny of science.
We are prepared today because of groundwork that was done ten years ago.
Estival winds.
The society page.
His home is New Jersey.
A manned earth satellite was considered a necessary research step.
A polyglot traveler.
Prepared a tolerable dinner.
The Taiwanese capital is Taipeh.
Two bitterly opposed schools of thought.
Splay knees.
There's no place like home.
A special correspondent.
Far-flung corners of the Empire.
A solicitation to the king for relief.
His narration was hesitant.
Across-the-board pay increases.
Faint heart ne'er won fair lady.
Aerial fancies.
He is sure to win.
The ceremony was of short duration.
It is not known who created this piece.
Spectral analysis.
Bide a wee.
He neglects his children.
He had the effrontery to question my honesty.
The set of all rational numbers is a field.
Parochially narrow in his outlook.
Readers unconcerned with style.
Wearing unstylish clothes.
Drilling there would be strictly a wildcat operation.
Fifthly, we must adhere to the rules set by the local government.
The waste of time could prove fatal.
Inner regions of the organization.
His willing embrace of new ideas.
The sexagesimal divisions of hours and degrees.
Behaved naughtily when they had guests and was sent to his room.
It was a strange dragging approach.
Slicked up for visitors.
Don't drift from the set course.
A sovereign state.
Remedy his illness.
They explored several Roman ruins.
A warm climate.
The postulational method was applied to geometry.
Too nice about his food to take to camp cooking.
You've forfeited your right to name your successor.
Smokeless fuel.
The subhuman primates.
Took an occasional glass of wine.
The ray has a dorsoventrally flattened body.
Room for improvement.
The new law might abridge our freedom of expression.
Light blue.
Gymnastic horse.
A book that is must reading.
A continuous bout of illness lasting six months.
In some societies a childless woman is rejected by her tribesmen.
He helped her clear the dining table.
A typical case of arteritis.
Flaws in the above interpretation.
Clean-scented laundry.
An abridged version.
The overall cost.
A permissible tax deduction.
Earthborn cares and pleasures.
Take out a patent.
White-clad nurses.
Official permission.
She took it philosophically.
The reprobate conduct of a gambling aristocrat.
Fiscal responsibility.
Surprisingly the curtain started to rise while the houselights were still undimmed.
Young vowers of eternal love.
Enter an agreement.
A wooden smile.
Quinine is bitter.
Felt regretful over his vanished youth.
The rawness of the midnight air.
Large-grained sand.
Care must be exercised when this substance is to be deflagrated.
An army lying in wait in the forest.
The shoreward tendency of the current.
The original performance of the opera.
Grew more and more disgusted.
He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly.
He has a problem with urinary retention.
Viral infection.
Within the scope of an investigation.
He enjoyed the flexibility of his working arrangement.
She was ever so friendly.
A closed porch.
A few superficial editorial changes.
The warden was always accommodating in allowing visitors in.
The emergency room was overrun with walk-ins.
A military bearing.
Fell into a profound sleep.
A tendentious account of recent elections.
His second marriage was happier than the first.
A chapter of disasters.
Deaden a ship's headway.
Scallop the meat.
It will take money, good planning and, above all, teamwork.
Conveyed from grantor to grantee.
He broke into a run.
Harpoon whales.
Extra personnel on tap.
He has an idea that we don't like him.
Symphonic choir.
The court's decision had many unforeseen ramifications.
Winnow chaff.
The architecture was a kind of bastard suggesting Gothic but not true Gothic.
An obscure retreat.
The living knew themselves just sentient puppets on God's stage.
Trumped-up charges.
The established Church.
Repudiate a debt.
The five-speed manual gearbox is smoothness personified.
That's a cockeyed idea.
He laid out a fortune in the hope of making a huge profit.
They tried to deal with this painful subject jocularly.
The newspaper's proclaimed adherence to the government's policy.
The corn smutted and could not be eaten.
A keen musical sense.
An attempt to refine the existent machinery to make it more efficient.
A light breeze.
He has written many scientific papers.
A slave to cocaine.
Carrier-based planes.
When Congress investigates it brings the full glare of publicity to the agency.
Today computers calculate the ephemerides.
He ducked behind the garden wall and waited.
The play received good notices.
One hour and ten minutes.
Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid.
Fifty dollars or under.
Angina pectoris can cause referred pain in the left shoulder.
They had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation.
They could still receive the sound but the picture was gone.
Little league is intended for the preteens.
He was licensed to carry a weapon.
Superior officer.
A dark-skinned beauty.
He imagined a seraphic presence in the room.
A formative influence.
Then you'll be rich.
A spurious work of art.
Prices remained flat.
A large heart.
A broad-nibbed pen.
Pain-free surgery.
The painting featured freely brushed strokes.
An amendable flaw.
His earlier work reflects the influence of his teacher.
Mechanize armies.
He smiled lopsidedly.
Argues very strongly for his proposal.
A border of annual flowering plants.
The themes of his stories are one and the same.
Fret a guitar.
Open-angle glaucoma is the most common type of glaucoma.
The unknown word turned up over and over again in the text.
Disingenuously, he asked leading questions abut his opponent's work.
A terrible power had her in its grasp.
Mummified ideas and institutions should be gotten rid of.
Intersperse exclamation marks in the text.
His alcohol problem was a form of escapism.
A gradual slope.
A dopey kid.
He gladly accepted the mitigated penalty.
An amazed audience gave the magician a standing ovation.
He was in the employ of the city.
The own goal cost them the game.
Among our robotic devices is a vacuum cleaner.
Button-shaped white flowers.
Metastatic growth.
An impressive array of food ready and waiting for the guests.
Wished him luck in his endeavor.
The royal party.
The hunters treed the bear with dogs and killed it.
A circumpolar star.
Monks garbed in hooded robes.
A swarm of insects obscured the light.
Poetic works.
Scratch that remark.
Democratic government.
The skin of cephalopods is thin and lubricious.
Massive changes.
He did me a good turn.
The government took counterterror measures.
Liberty of worship.
Control an account.
Abject cowardice.
Dress the plants in the garden.
He registered for directed study.
They could hear the burglar alarm a mile away.
Quick-witted debater.
The late afternoon light coming through the el tracks fell in pale oblongs on the street.
Long-staple cotton.
Groovy clothes.
The history of the play throughout the latter part of the eighteenth century is monotonously uneventful.
Anastomose blood vessels.
They walked the streets of the small town.
A dirtily dressed camel driver.
Toe a nail.
She never keeps her promises.
Clench one's jaw.
Unprintable pictures.
The jealous man was eavesdropping on his wife's conversations.
The bald eagle is representative of the United States.
Clear water.
A palace guardsman stiff as a poker.
Primary colors can add interest to a room.
Regularly gives short weight.
A provoking delay at the airport.
Juvenile diabetes.
He bought a book of stamps.
Take your medicine.
Forensic pathology provided the evidence that convicted the murderer.
His tired heavy-footed walk.
The satellite is covered with a smooth shell of ice.
Adolescent problems.
An awkward gesture.
He cut a fine figure.
A standby generator.
Shade the meaning.
The profound depths of the sea.
His family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower.
An ambassador of good will.
A bowl of hammered brass.
Obligate money.
Pearly teeth evenly aligned.
His answer wasn't even in the right ballpark.
The mechanic removed the cowling in order to repair the plane's engine.
Associative learning.
Unskilled labor.
A darkened house.
The directional role of science on industrial progress.
The sky flushed with rosy splendor.
My retrieval of people's names is very poor.
A nervous thoroughbred.
A geyser is an intermittently eruptive hot spring.
Open the door and see who the knocker is.
A fugleman for the radical right.
It is used as a reference for comparing the heating and the electrical energy involved.
Moderate your speed.
Whoever is the closer has to turn out the lights and lock up.
He was in such a state you just couldn't reason with him.
The flowchart contained many boxes.
The news was announced to the nation.
Aerial photography.
The revolutionaries honeycombed the organization.
Spondaic hexameter.
His tortuous reasoning.
Good honest food.
A cut horse.
She invented a potato peeler.
The peppy and interesting talk.
The right to equal treatment in the criminal justice system.
Thrust the money in the hands of the beggar.
Motorized scooters are now the rage.
He was called on for an aliyah.
They worked arduously.
Experienced travellers travel light.
The humanistic revival of learning.
The company went belly-up.
The man began quaveringly to question the soldier.
She seemed to make a point of being unfashionably dressed.
A facial blemish.
He's got the fidgets.
A continuous row of warehouses.
His cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels.
The present leader.
Impermissible behavior.
Wet paint.
A warm embrace.
A baleful look.
The choice between bureaucracy and adhocracy represents a common dilemma.
His whole attitude had undergone a subtle change.
Flicked him with his hand.
The mechanism of the ear.
Disgustedly, she averted her eyes when they brought in the mutilated body of the horse.
The oppressive government.
A round red twinkly Santa Claus.
An alphabetic arrangement.
She tried half-heartedly.
Too facile a solution for so complex a problem.
His declaration of innocence.
Crochet a bedspread.
This work was done rather sloppily.
Kept from her housework by gabby neighbors.
Gave the teacher an implausible excuse.
An angry face.
The air was warm and close--palpable as cotton.
He only invests in large well-established companies.
An Atlanta-based company.
A hearty glow of health.
Autistic behavior.
A rebellious crew.
Even before noon there was a considerable patronage.
He computed the result to four decimal places.
The sleekness of his appearance reminded me of his financial successes.
Foster parent.
The area was poor in timber and coal.
She was too disorganized to be an agreeable roommate.
He had a drop too much to drink.
Pubic bones.
The explosion was heard a mile away.
An incurable disease.
An analgesic effect.
Concentric circles are parallel.
Heap the platter with potatoes.
He was manifestly too important to leave off the guest list.
A lesser-known but no less skillful composer.
A new theory is the most prominent feature of the book.
Smear the wall with paint.
The consumption of energy has increased steadily.
They used bales of newspaper every day.
Scrawny cattle.
An artless manner.
Stump a field.
Many casualties were lying unattended.
The unreal world of advertising art.
He painted all day in the garden.
Continental Europe.
The city pulsated with music and excitement.
The contractile wings of an insect.
It was immediately and indubitably apparent that I had interrupted a scene of lovers.
Large-scale maps.
A local point of view.
The never-ending cycle of the seasons.
Secular architecture.
Shocked to see the worn look of his handsome young face.
Nerve-racking noise.
Felt a violent dislike.
A whacking phone bill.
The new hires need special training.
The dim utopian future.
Ceremonial garb.
A mind not gifted to discover truth but tenacious to hold it.
An unattainable goal.
It was an unskillful attempt.
Told me straight out.
The company downsized its research staff.
Emergency council.
He made a great maneuver.
The CEO resigned on the coattails of the scandal.
The political ferment produced new leadership.
The party was rather nice.
Aristocratic government.
They put it into containers for ease of transportation.
Genetically passed down talents.
Incorporate this document with those pertaining to the same case.
Worried parents.
My adopted state.
Among Biblical critics a tralatitious interpretation is one received by expositor from expositor.
The air conditioning was blasting cold air at us.
A multiple-choice test.
Height is a function of age.
Inscribed around its base is a charm in Balinese.
Felt panicked before each exam.
There wasn't time for a nap.
Hit him with quick rights to the body.
The deceptive calm in the eye of the storm.
A scabrous novel.
Unfortunately the statement was simply untrue.
Ennobling thoughts.
Rearrange the furniture in my room.
They lived very simply.
Some future historian will evaluate him.
This passage smells of plagiarism.
The south entrance.
He was indebted to the pioneering work of John Dewey.
They rode the trade winds going west.
A sensation of touch.
Detached houses.
Was embarrassed by her child's tantrums.
A feast for the eyes.
A lapse of three weeks between letters.
A clumsy apology.
Poison someone's mind.
Deposit the suitcase on the bench.
Disable this command on your computer.
Nail the board onto the wall.
You could facilitate the process by sharing your knowledge.
A smokeless environment.
A clammy handshake.
Mature for her age.
A separated shoulder.
He had to overcome his inertia and get back to work.
Very sniffy about breaches of etiquette.
Good classroom teaching is seldom rewarded.
An oil-fired furnace.
Promotional fares.
An unnamed donor.
A shameless imposter.
Weather-bound traffic.
Unframed pictures.
The plane went into a stall and I couldn't control it.
Her work is highly contentious because of its speculativeness and lack of supporting evidence.
Sesquipedalian orators.
Streets canopied by stately trees.
They meet monthly.
The dog chased the rabbit.
Chopped clams.
A hook-and-ladder company.
A moonless planet.
The imperialist nation wanted to strangle the free trade between the two small countries.
He possesses great knowledge about the Middle East.
This street lay uphill.
Ready for use.
A priest unhampered by scruple.
An offshore island.
A tolerable working knowledge of French.
The sheer force of his presence was mesmerizing.
His cheerful whistling indicated that he enjoyed his work.
Thick smoke.
An open city.
Look around to see whether you can find the missing document.
Picked up the baby's shorn curls from the floor.
The ice cream melted.
Some gentle arm-twisting produced the desired result.
Kinetic energy.
Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger.
They dug a pit to bury the body.
She was quick to point out my errors.
He was tagged out at second on a close play.
Nebulous distinction between pride and conceit.
The ankle bone articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle bones.
Securing adequate funding is a time-consuming proposition.
Avionics has become even more important with the development of the space program.
Whisk the eggs.
Struggling artists.
Oncological nurse.
Hemstitch a sleeve.
Heel shoes.
A limitless supply of money.
A powerful bomb.
He was held in captivity until he died.
A false alarm.
The buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued.
This merchandise is returnable if you save the receipt.
They were symmetrically arranged.
The early Norse poets wrote alliteratively.
A hardheaded appraisal of our position.
The downward course of the stream.
The reticulate veins of a leaf.
Is better off than his classmate.
The dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment.
Intemperate zones.
The transmission screen shows the picture that is actually on the air.
He had doubts about the whole enterprise.
Modulate the pitch.
Synchronize your watches.
Old people.
She quit her job cold turkey.
A steady increase.
The limits of the known world.
Melodically interesting themes.
A defunct organization.
A vain attempt.
Strike a fish.
There is no way out other than the fire escape.
Mental powers.
Sheepishly he handed her back the money.
An abject apology.
Fully acquainted with the facts.
He had a quizzical expression.
He had a black belt in the martial arts.
Took an optimistic view.
Raindrops caught in a sunbeam seem to opalesce.
Prefrontal lobes.
A weapon was hidden on his person.
An extinguishable fire.
Their business venture was doomed from the start.
The inhibition of the heart by the vagus nerve.
Persuasive eloquence.
Rusted hinges.
A purely social club.
A lackadaisical attempt.
A gratuitous insult.
His just inheritance.
Blind jealousy is a frequent corollary of passionate love.
An uneasy silence fell on the group.
They were driven from the marketplace.
Nonprofessional actors.
Powdery snow.
A top-down analysis might begin by looking at macro-economic trends.
He has a touch of rheumatism.
Stable horses.
He supported populist campaigns.
Received a hefty bonus.
The answer was at first unapparent.
Granulated sugar.
The lodgment of the balloon in the tree.
Chemistry is not my cup of tea.
Denominational prejudice.
A live issue.
Intravenous feeding.
They were assigned the leviathan of textbooks.
Charming in its pastoral setting.
A crowned signet ring.
He works on commission.
People in high places.
Shout it from the housetops.
She is getting old and acts forgetfully.
Steep cliffs.
Reparable damage to the car.
National hero.
An irenic attitude toward former antagonists.
He had been trained rigorously by the monks.
Do as you see fit to.
A length of timber.
The buildings were badly shaken.
A shrewish wife.
The skyline is easily discernible even at a distance of several miles.
Quaternate leaves.
Blow a horse.
Perfuse a liver with a salt solution.
They were involved in a violent argument.
Packed snow.
Slavish devotion to her job ruled her life.
An oracular message.
Reseat the old broken chair.
Close up the shop.
Low comedy.
A callous indifference to suffering.
The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives is based on the relative population of each state.
He stepped on a dud mine.
Callable bonds.
Mimetic coloring of a butterfly.
The real value of the trust capital may be disastrously less than when the trust began.
Verbally expressive.
An exchange of fire occurred on a reconnaissance mission.
A finished product.
Racial discrimination.
Domain names are organized hierarchically with the more generic parts to the right.
Her motives were suspect.
Uncontrollable pain.
Scarify soil.
He deserves his day in court.
There I was back on the hook.
Knock out a target.
A supersonic bomber flies so fast that it must release its bombs while the target is still over the horizon.
Tone a negative.
He cooked hamburgers on the grill.
An extensive Roman settlement in northwest England.
Miry roads.
Ossiferous caves.
Has a straightforward down-to-earth approach to a problem.
Lacteal organs.
Say what comes uppermost.
It grew geometrically.
His dress stops just short of undue elegance.
The result of an injudicious decision.
Pressed hard on the lever.
Ambiguous inkblots.
She rules the office with an iron fist.
Vicious kicks.
Cerebrally active.
They admired his performance under stress.
The strike was scheduled to begin at dawn.
A spineless craven fellow.
Thousands mourned his passing.
He's as sharp as a steel trap.
Jingling sleigh bells.
The gene encoding ADA was one of the earlier human genes to be isolated and cloned for study.
The book was in good condition except for a dig in the back cover.
The road twists sharply after the light.
The definitive work on Greece.
Air pollution reduced the visibility.
The palatial residence.
A lowly parish priest.
The penis is an erectile organ.
A dilute solution.
He indicated his opponents.
Enjoying exterritorial privileges and rights.
An arresting drawing of people turning into animals.
At the peak of the pyramid.
Sinistrorse vines.
They made big strides in productivity.
Chlorinated water.
Animals with protective coloring.
Soft hands.
An art exhibition.
People came from far and near.
A desperate criminal.
There is now a critical mass of successful women to take the lead.
A with-it boutique.
It was the opening session of the legislature.
An unwritten law.
A gun with a rather uncertain trigger.
He fought a battle for recognition.
Our homework consisted of ten problems to solve.
His theory is the antithesis of mine.
A toothsome blonde in a tight dress.
Dwarf tree.
It was his unshakeable resolution to finish the work.
Cube the cheese.
To have an inner resource against loneliness.
A sultry look.
He had the unselfconsciousness of a child.
A charming little cottage.
He was in a snit.
Short haircuts were the regulation.
The great man was embarrassingly humble and self-effacing.
His claim asked for damages.
Undesirable impurities in steel.
A healthy fear of rattlesnakes.
The children had to be in bed before it was time for the trimming of the tree.
Set these words in italics.
Glacially deposited material.
Our ideas must be substantiated into actions.
We live in a cybernated age.
He has the run of the house.
Gross income.
Boys in mock battle.
They live two doors up the street from us.
Neuroglial tissue.
An ill-favored countenance.
A face-saving compromise.
The child drew glass beads on a string.
They offer more than one hundred channels.
A nonterritorial species.
Asphalt the driveway.
It's time he had a real job.
She has been able to live comfortably since her husband died.
It was a showcase for democracy in Africa.
Combustion grew until revolt was unavoidable.
Bloodsucking blackmailer.
A green tree.
An unflattering portrait.
Groove a vinyl record.
Bisect a line.
Electrons are negative.
Monarchical systems.
A fellow townsman.
A steady breeze.
Vital signs.
Wasps that make nests of papery material.
All the tinsel of self-promotion.
Incensed at the judges' unfairness.
Pepper the soup.
The monsoon left the whole place awash.
Tried to explain away the affair of the letter.
He was scolded for his forgotten chores.
Animal fat is high in saturated fatty acids.
Fortuitous encounters--strange accidents of fortune.
Waxed floors.
A disjointed fowl.
The slaty sky of dawn.
Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt.
A poor sport.
A casebook schizophrenic.
A longer for money.
Units of nucleic acids.
Providential care.
They earned their stripes in Kuwait.
He came to visit at half-term.
He played baseball in class D for two years.
Flags aflare in the breeze.
Attacks on women increased last year.
A close resemblance.
The partners were delighted with the recognition of their work.
Short-circuit warm feelings.
A code of laws.
The news is up-to-the-minute.
A person of diverse talents.
An acid reaction.
The fight was on television last night.
Metamorphic stage.
Was concerned about the future.
He got a splinter in his finger.
He is not an appreciator of our dilemma.
An overhand stroke.
Her late husband.
Degenerative diseases of old age.
Wandering tribes.
An outside pitch.
We are set to go at any time.
Park the children with the in-laws.
Fastidious about personal cleanliness.
He insisted that we give him the last cut before every deal.
Lamps supported on standards provided illumination.
An audacious interpretation of two Jacobean dramas.
A computer jockey.
Demographers try to predict social fluidity.
The frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older.
A lighted cigarette.
The giant tortoises galumphed around in their pen.
A triumphal arch.
According to his own testimony he can't do it.
Looked him over with an appraising eye.
He held the title for two years.
Fitful bursts of energy.
She was right in a way.
Brief, mannered and unlifelike idiom.
Defang the poisonous snake.
Serrate the edges of the teeth.
A dispute over niggling details.
A married couple without love.
They went on a bust that lasted three days.
He did complicated pen-and-ink drawings like medieval miniatures.
The price went up substantially.
He considered the prize too paltry for the lives it must cost.
The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development.
Governmentally determined policy.
Hitch the trailer to the car.
Burke an issue.
An obstinate child with a violent temper.
His name has long been forgotten.
Was quick to make friends.
Alert to the problems.
She had a difficult delivery.
They heard a violent report followed by silence.
Medium bombers.
That escape from the consequences is possible but unattractive.
Return to your native land.
A practical failure.
They escaped by a hair's-breadth.
A mirthful experience.
She was received inhospitably by her new family.
The answer is obviously wrong.
Seeded rolls.
A body of law.
A good sense of timing.
They were huddled together for protection.
A textbook example.
Competition was pushing them to the wall.
Keep someone at arm's length.
A watertight alibi.
The point of departure of international comparison cannot be an institution but must be the function it carries out.
Stodgy food.
A patrilineal society.
Coal gas is produced by the gasification of coal.
He was infatuated with her.
The American hemisphere.
A spectacular display of northern lights.
Foliate glass.
He is flagrantly disregarding the law.
We spent a pleasantly lazy afternoon.
She was with him heart and soul.
She cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle.
Filled the door with her frowzy bulk.
She had long wavy hair.
The baby cried the whole trip home.
A mere dream, neither substantial nor practical.
Hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet.
Sparsely peopled arctic regions.
The center fumbled the handoff.
They got an early start.
There were two women and six men on the bus.
The quincentennial celebration of the founding of the city.
A refund therefor.
Insensible to the suffering around him.
Their modified stand made the issue more acceptable.
A boxy little plane with square unswept wings.
An insatiate appetite.
He walked around tiredly.
An area rich in archaeological findings.
Live ore is unmined ore.
Large goals that required farsighted policies.
A catalytic reformer.
Decorticate a tree branch.
From the depths of darkest Africa.
A fatal accident.
The ice storm caused a power outage.
Shining white enamel.
How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank.
Stick the poster onto the wall.
He ate his fill of potatoes.
The veterans paraded down the street.
He was maniacally obsessed with jealousy.
A dull unoiled table.
Extreme temperatures.
He put the lamp back in its place.
He was every inch a statesman.
Our eyes were literally pinned to TV during the Gulf War.
The historical Jesus.
Daycare that is educational and not just custodial.
It was stored in a tube with a break seal.
He ripped his left trouser on the fence.
The antiseptic effect of sturdy criticism.
He insisted on discipline among the troops.
The manufacturer provided an exploded view of the apparatus.
A base, degrading way of life.
Communicable ideas.
The cut surface was mottled.
Amniotic membrane.
The piece has a fast rhythm.
A power-driven hand tool.
You can finish the job of painting faster with a roller than with a brush.
Would have scarce arrived before she would have found some excuse to leave.
Hymeneal rites.
Clear-cut evidence of tampering.
A superior ruler.
Death gets more than its share of attention from theologians.
Postings on a blog are usually in chronological order.
He had the shoes made to order.
Hearing was good in his other ear.
He rode into the mouth of the canyon.
Enclose a stamped self-addressed envelope with all submissions.
His life was almost too organized.
He could not suppress a yawn.
An analytical mind.
The business is in receivership.
They calibrate the effects of atom bombs in megadeaths.
Absolute freedom.
They met accidentally.
Equatorial Africa.
A fallen woman.
A suit with a better fit.
Extend the TV antenna.
Each team has two time-outs left.
Dry sobs.
A tragic plight.
A waterless well.
Masochistically he insisted on an even greater workload.
A child prone to mischief.
The cross-pollination of the arts.
The bookkeeper used pages that were divided into columns.
Of noble birth.
Remained unsuspected as the head of the spy ring.
Genuine emotion.
Animated conversation.
The blaring noise of trumpets.
She's the den mother to new secretaries.
A pinnately compound leaf.
Definable terms.
The new hybrid is more resistant to drought.
Gastronomic adventures.
A place where the requisites of water fuel and fodder can be obtained.
A thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite.
A sudden recognition of the problem he faced.
He told jokes as an icebreaker.
Ill at ease among eddies of people he didn't know.
Certain machine tool operations.
A stand-up bar.
The evidence is conclusive.
The solution took three hours.
A resting adult has a cardiac output of about three quarts a minute.
Fluctuating prices.
He followed instructions to the letter.
The fewest birds in recent memory.
Algebraically determined.
He was too soft for the army.
He could barely exist on such a low wage.
Order the photos chronologically.
A quarantined animal.
My best wishes.
The books are lying on the shelf.
Her acrid remarks make her many enemies.
A profession of disagreement.
Bring charges.
Unbranded cattle.
Children properly outfitted for school.
Advanced technology.
Set a punishing pace.
The sounds of good-natured play.
A head of cauliflower.
Lived in heroic if something distressful isolation.
He promptly forgot the address.
Chose the better of the two.
An inactive member.
A freehanded host.
A neat room.
The alchemists believed that there were four elements.
The formidable army of brains at the Prime Minister's disposal.
The out islands.
Few experiences are more traumatic than losing a child.
A token gesture of resistance.
An auricular appendage.
An external concern for reputation.
Their main business is home construction.
He went to his grave without forgiving me.
Dogs, foxes, and the like.
Seemed none too pleased with his dinner.
The birds were chirping in the bushes.
Thunderbolts quivered with elfin flares of heat lightning.
He played uncle to lonely students.
The profoundness of the silence.
Not used to a city and worried about small things.
He abstained partly for prudential reasons.
Light soil.
An unwitting mistake may be overlooked.
A liege subject.
His bureaucratically petty behavior annoyed her.
Distinguishing between verifiable fact and tendentious assertion.
Temporally processed.
Dimmed headlights.
This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby.
Frayed cuffs.
An unextended arm.
A full game.
My right hand.
Her unconcealed hostility poisoned the atmosphere.
He's a good ally in fight.
The goals of the negotiators were not reciprocally exclusive.
Curative powers of herbal remedies.
A home game.
Feathery palm trees.
Bundled-up sailors and soldiers.
Condominiums were built on the developed site.
He can roam the neighborhood at will.
Have a merry Christmas.
An unfortunate speech.
That's unfortunate but it isn't the end of the world.
Read the manual at your leisure.
Purgatorial rites.
An interminable sermon.
The last gasp of the cold war.
The biggest police operation in French history.
Hard work was his escape from worry.
They wanted to repeal all the legislation that imposed economic controls.
Flights of imagination.
Celibate priests.
The peaked ceiling.
For all his bluster he is in essence a shy person.
Deceiving the unsuspecting public.
He saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork.
A tomentose leaf.
When you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like.
The road curved sharply.
A book with its leaves still uncut.
An outlaw strike.
She started studying snakes in earnest.
This is still impracticably high.
Opencast mining.
Drill for oil.
Obstinate withstanders of innovation.
Highlight the area above your eyebrows.
The unvarnished candor of old people and children.
Was beforehand with her report.
He landed on the bed with a great flop.
The bare walls.
The train derailed because a cow was standing on the tracks.
Sure enough, he asked her for money again.
Mixing sounds.
There was a break in the action when a player was hurt.
A streamlined hiring process.
He made a motion to adjourn.
The simplicity of a crystal.
Sheet the body.
The glory of his envisioned future.
Parallel processing.
The bulb of a syringe.
The pleasures of the table, never of much consequence to one naturally abstemious.
The recall of our ambassador.
They clambered to the tip of Monadnock.
Drops of wet gleamed on the window.
This bitter and sanguinary war.
His plan of attack was misguided.
The investment banker who handles a rights offering usually agrees to buy any shares not bought by shareholders.
The army girl, tall and demurely pretty, threw a quick side-glance at her.
The infielder's snap and throw was a single motion.
Fissionable material.
Harbor a resentment.
The ratable value of property.
See the rest of the winners in our huge passel of photos.
Amphibious vehicles.
A scheming gold digger.
Primordial forms of life.
A forward child badly in need of discipline.
The marble slabs were cut across.
The Reign of the Bourbons ended and the Reign of Terror began.
Dress my hair for the wedding.
The soup was spicily flavored.
Stretch the imagination.
Finger tappers irritated her.
A long and indecisive war.
Cursive script.
Pit plums and cherries.
Murderous thugs.
The government used price supports to maintain the price floor.
Address your remarks to the chairperson.
Catastrophic illness.
Stretch the fabric.
A convenient excuse for not going.
Fell into a troubled sleep.
The ensuant response to his appeal.
There was a thin skim of oil on the water.
A defensive stance.
Pick flowers.
Infrared radiation.
A crease in his trousers.
An overshot jaw.
The sequence of names was alphabetical.
Our feathered friends.
Activate a metal.
A simple substance.
A snotty nose.
Fond of his nephew.
Rote memorization has been the educator's standard operating procedure for centuries.
A kindled fire.
He's a blasted idiot.
By no stretch of the imagination.
Efface the memory of the time in the camps.
Secondarily affected.
Trilingual speakers.
Homely manners.
A cup of thinned soup.
A frontal appendage.
An absolute monarch.
His self-assertive and ubiquitous energy.
Scoop out a melon.
Avenues lined with high-rise apartment buildings.
The little yellow stain of treason.
Could not walk without assistance.
He went back to Sweden to search for his roots.
They laid down a barrage in front of the advancing troops.
A despairing view of the world situation.
A broken washing machine.
She was staring vacantly into the room.
A high-octane sales manager.
She was madly in love.
The distance from New York to Chicago.
We lived on opposite sides of the street.
Official privileges.
Found himself loaded down with responsibilities.
The party went with a bang.
Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions.
We accepted him on faith.
The neonatal period.
It was eerily quiet in the chapel.
The Greek ethos.
A perceptive observation.
A succession of stalls offering soft drinks.
Felt his mother's directing arm around him.
Ladylike manners.
Casualties were light.
Went in the other direction.
Debauch the young people with wine and women.
The first Secretary of Health and Human Services was Patricia Roberts Harris who was appointed by Carter.
Adept in handicrafts.
A campaign redolent of machine politics.
This shift occurs spontaneously.
He taught a graduate course on learning and memory.
He heard the crunch of footsteps on the gravel path.
The Puritan ethic.
Deep carpets.
A favor that cannot be paid back.
Scull the boat.
They gave him more eclat than he really deserved.
The child is seemingly healthy but the doctor is concerned.
A consummate fool.
Must remain on your guard in such a situation.
The horse remained unsubdued.
Wheat is the stuff they use to make bread.
Such weeping.
Swung the wheel hard left.
A pat reply.
A flaw caused the crystal to shatter.
The chief aim of living.
The treble clef.
He asked if they could spare one of their horses to speed his journey.
Wondered who had made the booking.
The list of available candidates is unusually long.
A lucky stiff.
The naturalization in English of many Italian words.
A steadily escalating sense of foreboding.
He had only contempt for the retreated.
The technical literature.
The professor wrote the text that he assigned students to buy.
On active duty.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Enjoyed a luxurious suite with a crystal chandelier and thick oriental rugs.
In Japan most fish is eaten raw.
This is exactly what the composer had set down on paper.
A vexatious child.
The overall pattern of his life.
A splanchnic nerve.
Soppy clothes.
He prepared for teaching while still in college.
A dull gaze.
Each answer counts as three points.
Brainwashed prisoners of war.
The might have repercussions of unimaginable largeness.
A confessed murderer.
He was suffering from museum fatigue.
He shared his catch with the others.
Strop razors.
His business with the cane was hilarious.
Marshal resources.
In mint condition.
Incoming class.
Concern about the safety and efficacy of the vaccine.
Unrestrained laughter.
A thin line across the page.
The parody was just a form of teasing.
A colorless negative personality.
There's no weeping at an Irish wake.
The horses single-footed.
Staunch the blood flow.
Our blessed land.
Deep concentration.
Drab faded curtains.
She was near tears.
A beta version.
Fierce loyalty.
A sexy book.
He was psychically blind.
Wend your way through the crowds.
A healthy economy.
He looked forward to the unification of his family for the holidays.
His carefully knotted necktie.
He expressed his dissent in a contrary opinion.
The broadcast was interrupted by a fast-breaking news story about the invasion.
His temper sparked like damp firewood.
Sodium is a reactive metal.
Our plans began to take shape.
They finally have the wrinkles pretty well ironed out.
A common sailor.
A disc jockey.
Spoke in grammatical sentences.
The common core of nonstandard words and phrases in folk speech.
A dry Bordeaux.
A regulatory gene.
A highly maneuverable ship.
Transpolar air routes.
Floral organs.
A yet sadder tale.
Moon the audience.
We've just finished painting the walls, so don't touch them.
His no was loud and clear.
The pilot made contact with the base.
Gilt-edged securities.
Lower a rating.
His treatment of space borrows from Italian architecture.
A noted increase in the crime rate.
Following preconcerted plans.
A strange exaltation that was indefinable.
Trophoblastic cancer.
Socks worn wrong side out.
He learned drawing from his father.
A feeble excuse.
The children enjoyed diving and looking for shells.
The scrawniness of sickly trees.
You need four people to play this game.
A definite drop in attendance.
Make revolution.
A labored style of debating.
A distant cousin.
Worked hard all day.
Certain types of problems have unique solutions.
She was incurably optimistic.
Fever resulted from becoming dehydrated.
Disparaging remarks about the new house.
Vice offends the moral standards of the community.
Gave grudging consent.
A wicked cough.
Has a dirty mouth.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
Letters trenched into the stone.
Can cause shortness of breath.
The DOE is responsible for maintaining the energy policy.
Spatially limited.
The newspaper devoted several columns to the subject.
Music is a temporal art.
A railroad network.
Susurrant voices.
The skin of his face looked drawn and tight.
Treat the water so it can be drunk.
Retroactive tax increase.
Performed the most challenging task without a mistake.
Babies are natural scene-stealers.
An uncut diamond.
The disheartened instructor tried vainly to arouse their interest.
He's been dry for ten years.
Astrological chart.
Blasphemous rites of a witches' Sabbath.
Unforeseen circumstances.
The scandal threatened an abrupt end to a promising political career.
The contract set out the conditions of the lease.
A deliberative body.
The ideas incorporated in his revised manuscript.
Senseless violence.
Obligational authority.
Take a scene.
The little girl self-consciously recited the poem.
Knit a scarf.
White-bread America.
He was a dunker--he couldn't eat a doughnut without a cup of coffee to dunk it in.
Sabbatical research project.
A debonair gentleman.
Scandalous behavior.
Radial velocity.
Fatigue duty involves nonmilitary labor.
Squandered money cannot be replaced.
They performed with great polish.
One paper scurrilously described how Edward was neglecting a bereaved mother to dance attendance on Wally.
Ridge the soil.
Train of mourners.
The American dream.
Their escape route.
A drifting double-dealer.
The junior faculty.
It defines a major contour of this administration.
The Confederate army was a vast grey.
He argued with great acuteness.
We graduated together.
The inexpungible scent of a bottle of perfume he had broken.
A jaunty optimist.
The rhythm of Frost's poetry.
He applied for an appointment in the treasury.
His gap-toothed grin.
Soak the bandage with disinfectant.
A sheet of ice.
A tinseled charm and unabashed sentimentality.
Irregular troops.
The fine hand of a master.
Patent advantages.
A lethal injection.
The area was spectacularly scenic.
The gravitational pull of a planet attracts other bodies.
He remained impassive, showing neither interest in nor concern for our plight.
Classical mythology.
Loft a ball.
Undischarged ammunition.
He fell behind with his mortgage payments.
Physical exercise.
To improve one's competitive position.
He was raised in the lap of luxury.
Everyone was aware of the approaching doom but was helpless to avoid it.
Pierced ears.
The occipital protuberance was well developed.
The pushing is good exercise.
Intellectual problems.
Refine pig iron.
Someone slapped me on the back and I turned to see who the slapper was.
Primitive mammals.
He played the trumps in sequence.
The proposal required great boldness.
Promotional exams.
The nonprofessional wives of his male colleagues.
Her pinched toes in her pointed shoes were killing her.
High buildings.
A shallow dish.
A Druze is permitted to conform outwardly to the faith of the unbelievers among whom he lives.
The modestness of the living standards here becomes obvious immediately.
She had jewels made of all the rarest stones.
A well-turned ankle.
An excessively demanding and faultfinding tutor.
Block the signals emitted by this station.
A steam-powered locomotive.
Left the house at three in the morning for inexplicable reasons.
He was awakened by the bluster of their preparations.
Seafaring vessels.
She wiped lipstick from her mouth.
Felt unwilling entangled in their affairs.
He accepted the offer unconditionally.
A venturesome investor.
Predictably, he did not like the news.
Undisciplined talent.
Secure from harm.
His father signed his report card.
An award for bravery.
He was elected a fellow of the American Physiological Association.
Screamingly funny.
Alcoholize the fruit and let them sit in the refrigerator.
An overlying image.
For your own use.
A warming fire.
Stalk the woods for deer.
The head of the hammer.
He scraped away the accretions of paint.
Scented flowers.
An unthought advantage.
The film ends with the middle-aged romancers respectably married.
Fallen leaves covered the forest floor.
Quaint streets of New Orleans, that most foreign of American cities.
Unconventional life styles.
Insensible to pain.
After an ominous caesura the preacher continued.
Iron is absolutely necessary.
A spot of bother.
Antenatal care.
The attacks of Armata Corsa are aimed at symbolic targets of colonialism in Corsica.
A foursquare refusal to yield.
True-to-life duck decoys.
He is the owner of a chain of restaurants.
A biased account of the trial.
Piratical editions of my book.
A signal too loud to be erasable in a single pass through the erase head.
An international agreement.
A stimulating discussion.
Heckle hemp or flax.
A satisfied customer.
Clean it well, preferably with warm water.
Angular momentum makes the world go round.
A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor.
An assumed cheerfulness.
He asked for troops for the relief of Atlanta.
Subcutaneous implant.
Big spender.
A person of hot blood.
Afraid to ask questions.
Crossed forks.
They took an extended tour of Europe.
He was immobilized by conflict and indecision.
The cat snatched at the butterflies.
A crash programme is needed to create new jobs.
Cull the sick members of the herd.
Freshman year in high school or college.
A technical report.
A politic manager.
Score the SAT essays.
There were mistakes in the ordering of items on the list.
These terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey.
Satisfied with easy answers.
A good actor communicates on several levels.
A constricted view of life.
The completion of the railroad was the precipitating cause in the extinction of waterborne commerce.
Averting danger was his responsibility.
Satire is an intellectual weapon.
The day's heat faded into balminess.
The hem of her dress was stained.
The reconciliation of his checkbook and the bank statement.
Widely discrepant statements.
A sonic wave.
Work in the butter and the dough will get the right consistency.
A bouffant skirt.
The power of the president.
She hit him unintentionally.
The full phase of the moon.
The blue-blooded aristocracy.
The restaurant is top-notch, but a little out of the way.
Long thought to be an impossibly difficult operation.
Fly into a rage.
His state of health.
The United States cannot police all of the world's hot spots.
A medieval attitude toward dating.
Impart a new skill to the students.
He pulled a fast one and got away with it.
Frightened by his ardent burning eyes.
Most insects are metamorphic as witness the stages as a butterfly develops from a caterpillar.
A stalwart grey figure.
An incised design.
Some words in her dialect had a charming quaintness.
A thoroughly professional performance.
A silent house.
He stood on the right.
He hardly ever goes fishing.
Constant as the northern star.
Healthful sleep.
A dim light beside the bed.
An acutely debilitating virus.
He treats her affectionately.
Intermolecular condensation.
She stood there akimbo.
A well-advised delay in carrying out the plan.
The spinning wheel was as symbolic of colonical Massachusetts as the codfish.
Wholesale destruction.
Feckless attempts to repair the plumbing.
Old stunted thorn trees.
Treat an oil spill.
To ask at that particular time was the ultimate in bad taste.
He denies the errancy of the Catholic Church.
A just and lasting peace.
Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress.
An audacious trick to pull.
Impossibility should never be confused with improbability.
A competent performance.
A plurality of religions.
There was no occasion for complaint.
A violable rule.
The inherence of polysemy in human language.
He liked toasted marshmallows.
Deep emotion.
Parts of the trunk of this tree can regrow.
The like period of the preceding year.
The image came to him subconsciously.
Make my day.
A notional response to the question.
Owls have nocturnal habits.
Crucial to the case.
Honest dealing.
A large hall filled with rows of desks.
Trampled the beans underfoot.
The nerve is dead.
A hot suspect.
Meals are at specified times.
His powerful serves won the game.
Male domestic animals such as stallions serve selected females.
He gave evidence for the defense.
The clatter of iron wheels on cobblestones.
Binomial nomenclature of bacteria.
Skim cream from the surface of milk.
A body of doctrine.
Donate money to the orphanage.
An auspicious beginning for the campaign.
Latent diabetes.
Most fishes have fins.
A forceful plan for peace.
He flipped when he heard that he was accepted into Princeton University.
The rhythmic chiming of church bells.
A marshy coastline.
Editing a prolix manuscript.
A confidential secretary.
The political party has moved left.
The increasing parcellation of land with every generation.
Stinting in bestowing gifts.
What is more, there's no sign of a change.
That's the way it is.
A deeply planted need.
Green-shuttered cottages.
A young man sure to get ahead.
My only choice is to refuse.
He was ill prepared.
Frail humanity.
The assistant masters formed a committee of their own to consider what could be done educationally for the town.
The government established a wage floor.
The tailored clothes were harmonious with her military bearing.
Insidious pleasures.
Jerk his head.
Disrespectful in the presence of his parents.
Isolated instances of rebellion.
Inventive ceramics.
A long-term investment.
He was rightly considered the greatest singer of his time.
The police used a plant to trick the thieves.
Agonized screams.
Maxillofacial surgery.
The Syrian government.
They explored every avenue they could think of.
Clear glass.
A frail craft.
The disquietingly close sounds of gunfire.
He gave his word.
Water gushed forth.
The girls hated it when he tried to sneak a feel.
Bare hills.
The rabbi's family was present for his ordination.
Was cold to his advances.
The grey wretchedness of the rain.
Hunger gave their faces a sunken look.
Kept the monkey in view.
Noticed the bee's momentary orienting pause before heading back to the hive.
A zillion people were there.
The divine Shakespeare.
Was polite in a teasing nonchalant manner.
The dullness of the pencil made his writing illegible.
Lift an embargo.
Futurist art.
A tragic face.
In Hindu folklore Rama is the epitome of chivalry and courage and obedience to sacred law.
A mammoth multinational corporation.
Elfin bells.
The drug lord had his muscleman to protect him.
The circus used a tent as their cookhouse.
A lecherous good-for-nothing.
Unsound banking practices.
Diabolical sorcerers under the influence of devils.
Make friends.
Pitch a tent.
His diligence won him quick promotions.
He gave it a mighty heave.
Fortunately the pain was mild.
Heavy sounds.
The widow wore black.
Animals as various as the jaguar and the cavy and the sloth.
The general of the Jesuits receives monthly reports from the provincials.
Some insects are anthophagous.
Thickly timbered ridges clothed with loblolly pine and holly.
There may be some great new gizmo around the corner that you will want to use.
They still talk about the sinking of the Titanic.
Nonessential to the integral meanings of poetry.
Senior professors' wives no longer make afternoon calls on newcomers.
A thin beard.
The police took steps to reduce crime.
Set aside a certain sum each week.
Pomp and circumstance.
She allocated part of the trust to her church by appointment.
He blends in with the crowd.
The serrations of a city skyline.
Disk drives and printers are important peripherals.
They achieved his debarment from holding public office.
Inspissate the tar so that it becomes pitch.
An elegantly insouciant manner.
Stomatal openings.
Cure cement.
Her parents had died four years earlier.
The last game of the season.
Axillary gland.
Fill a container.
Sparge the water.
Fatty food.
Welcomed her pithy comments.
Block a garment.
She doesn't like sad movies.
He huffed and puffed as he made his way up the mountain.
Saw the moon like a shiny dime on a deep blue velvet carpet.
She is likely to forget.
A crannied wall.
Troops are building up on the Iraqi border.
Cranial pressure.
A mathematical textbook.
The so-called emerging affluents.
Money is short.
We must meet the problem head-on.
Stir the soup.
Infernal instruments of war.
Patrons have their uses.
He made an emotional investment in the work.
Purgatorial fires.
He drinks moderately.
The host is not always injured by association with a parasite.
Predigested foods are a boon for those who are ill or have impaired digestion.
There's a slight chance it will work.
Shivery weather.
The problems involved.
Stars shining faintly through the overcast.
Thread tape.
A coccoid microorganism.
A sure-fire way to get rich.
An interior scene.
The universal popularity of American movies.
The rule of Caesar.
The advent of settled civilization.
Someone leaked the unreleased announcement.
The winds are unabated.
Medieval engines of war.
Imperialistic wars.
A suburb of cookie-cutter houses.
He is a hopeless romantic.
Kinky sex.
They saw a starlike object in the sky.
Averting her gaze meant that she was angry.
Spoke with unmoderated harshness.
Ancient Greece.
Instant replay caused too long a delay.
A set of teeth.
The senator proposed to abolish the sales tax.
The summation of four and three gives seven.
He wanted to save her life at all cost.
Meet my old lady.
He was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed.
In the twilight zone between humor and vulgarity.
He tried to explain the directional trends of modern science.
He wrote a note expressing his regret.
His incomprehension of the consequences.
A mellow port.
Contrapuntal base.
Penitentiary institutions.
Put these words to music.
The explosive devices went off.
An industrial nation.
Winding roads are full of surprises.
The President's assurances were not respected.
Nurture his talents.
Indoor activities for a rainy day.
A crowd of sitters and standers.
Asphyxiation is sometimes used as a form of torture.
The supreme sacrifice.
The low-toned murmur of the surf.
Chuck the ball.
An honest wage.
The speciousness of his argument.
Chronic indigestion.
When the wiring was finished they turned on the juice.
Unsparing generosity.
Left-handed golfers need left-handed clubs.
A network army of software programmers contribute free software to those who want it.
Murder in the second degree.
Endorse cheques.
His interest eroded steadily.
Fleet of foot.
This immediately concerns your future.
Gruff manner.
They long ago forsook their nomadic life.
Aspirate the wound.
A dreamlike quality.
Pictorial poetry and prose.
The computer proceeds with its incomparable logic and efficiency.
Floating seaweed.
Accidental poisoning.
He menaced the bank manager with a stick.
An equivocal response to an embarrassing question.
The publisher was responsible for all the artwork in the book.
The team was full of fight.
An Englishman would interrupt a war to have his afternoon tea.
The parable of the prodigal son.
The lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions.
He staked his claim.
Mental development.
An operable plan.
There is little foundation for his objections.
The contributions provided some relief for the victims.
The event aroused nationwide interest.
They split the loot three ways.
A religious man.
The shattering peal of artillery.
The defense called for a mistrial.
They believe that the books of Scripture were written under divine guidance.
She actually spoke Latin.
A palatable solution to the problem.
He's in the nick.
A yawning congregation.
An extreme conservative.
Outstanding bills.
The boy threw himself heartily into his work.
A modest salary.
The soil desperately needed potash.
Frustrated by ambiguous instructions, the parents were unable to assemble the toy.
The Gallic Wars.
He works comfortably on three continents.
They were an angry lot.
They didn't have to use coercion.
His admission provided ammunition for his critics.
A drain of young talent by emigration.
Fingers so badly frozen they had to be amputated.
An unconsummated marriage can be annulled.
Indent the documents.
A literary style.
Relinquish the old ideas.
A constructive philosophy.
Some apples.
A do-or-die conflict.
For your personal use.
The privileged few.
The child's usual bedtime.
Ants are social insects.
A wall of prejudice.
The sepulchral darkness of the catacombs.
Recited the decree with an important air.
Compulsive drinking.
Not quite finished.
Dreamy and inactive by nature.
He pulled the ropes amain.
Talked to each child in turn.
His sphere of activity.
The McGuffin was a key element of Alfred Hitchcock's films.
Some music seems almost unplayable.
The waning of his enthusiasm was obvious.
Footed creatures.
She moved swiftly.
Stems with alternate leaves.
Ethical theories.
Stern and unmitigable accusations.
The social agencies and their utilizers both objected to the budget cut.
Was hot for her.
Doesn't know when he's well-off.
He seemed full of vim and vigor.
Passed a series of poky little one-horse towns.
Salaried employment.
The saturation of cotton with ether.
The foreigners spoke unintelligibly.
The old stubborn nonconformist spirit of the early settlers.
He refused to believe that the angel was a hallucination.
His lectures tend to heaviness and repetition.
Collateral ridges of mountains.
Wide and stormy seas.
He dutifully visited his mother every Sunday.
Domestic servant.
This lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer.
The houses had much ornamental ironwork.
Superfine sugar.
It would be better to speak to him.
The historical context.
The bull was worth good money in servicing fees.
Negroid features.
The faster a jet plane goes the greater its propulsive efficiency.
He was lying in bed sleeplessly.
A steadfast ally.
Preserved because they inhabited a place apart.
Cracker-barrel philosophy.
They had to consolidate their operations.
Per annum.
The area is well populated.
Mercurial sore mouth.
A tub of water.
Incisive comments.
Floridly figurative prose.
Hypothetical situation.
The bike was a jimdandy.
Raves are very popular in Berlin.
A strenuous task.
The situation is hopeless.
The sums of the distances from the foci to any point on an ellipse is constant.
A wall of smoke.
The embitterment that resulted from the loss of his job never left him.
The nurse looked at him pityingly.
Her Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes.
Hull the berries.
Parsnips and carrots are biennial plants often grown as annuals.
Mutual respect.
The collected works of Milton.
Gentle blue eyes.
Forbidden fruit.
A discontinued conversation.
His violent death was euphemistically referred to as a passing away.
Surface instruments for detecting oil deposits.
Earthborn existence.
A cute kid with pigtails.
She felt right at home.
He didn't think to find her in the kitchen.
A feudal or ritualistic society.
All mammals except monotremes and marsupials are placental mammals.
The farm house, though in itself a small one, is delightfully situated.
The place had an aura of romance.
Toughly vigorous story-telling.
The books were piled up helter-skelter.
There was a hesitation in his speech.
The dancers moved in time with the music.
Indelible memories.
When trying to impress someone she spoke in an affected literary style.
Physiological psychology.
An abused substance.
Curvilinear tracery.
That language has a complex system for indicating gender.
The campaign put a favorable spin on the story.
A rich gas mixture.
It was a closed area of employment.
He put the stress on the wrong syllable.
When a match is found an entry is made in the notebook.
A useful job.
Cut the engine.
He tried to take Britain into the Europen Union.
No eggs left and no money to buy any.
An influential newspaper.
The union's support had been in lockstep for years.
A specific remedy.
He was scared shitless.
The prediction for snow was right on the button.
A dress of brushed cotton.
Came out flat for less work and more pay.
Civil branches of government.
Put up a gallant resistance to the attackers.
Rough-and-tumble politics.
Some have intimated that the Superfund's money may have turned into a political slush fund.
Edit film.
An exact mind.
A stodgy dinner party.
They sold the business because it lacked critical mass.
He declined to join the group on a hike.
The officiating was excellent.
An ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart.
They were perfectly comfortable together without speech.
Don't outstay your welcome.
When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall.
Impertinent of a child to lecture a grownup.
Spicate inflorescence.
The warrant bore the sheriff's seal.
He sent a short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the area.
They say luck is a lady.
Chloroform was the first inhalation anesthetic.
Secret sales of arms.
Peeved about being left out.
Trains ran with admirable precision.
Bottle the mineral water.
A worrying time.
An eminent peak.
Papery leaves.
What they are asking for gas these days is highway robbery.
This car could be just the ticket for a small family.
Overly subtle casuistic reasoning.
He is such a baby.
Followed common procedure.
The flowering of antebellum culture.
Comparative linguistics.
Our funds are depleted.
In truth, moral decay hastened the decline of the Roman Empire.
Spoke a corrupted version of the language.
Right a wrongs done to the victims of the Holocaust.
Sick to death of flattery.
A psychological profile of serial killers.
Twinges of conscience.
The goods were taxed ad valorem.
An elastic band.
A chilly greeting.
A blighted rose.
A union-shop clause in the contract.
A glacial handshake.
Icy knifelike reasoning.
The preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her.
They deactivated the file.
He has a right to a speedy trial.
The press of business matters.
A halt in the arms race.
The transmutation of base metals into gold proved to be impossible.
An elevation of the temperature in the afternoon.
A maladroit translation.
Volcanic steam.
Roadless areas.
The patient was desensitized to the allergen.
The long-run significance of the elections.
She is incomparably gifted.
An utterly insouciant financial policy.
All the livelong day.
The sales contract contains several representations by the vendor.
There was a roof on salaries.
He put a ceiling on the number of women who worked for him.
Bring out the truth.
The local gentry and professional classes had held aloof for the school had accepted their sons readily enough.
The unadjusted clock is running fast.
A hidden room or place of concealment such as a priest hole.
This house is unattainably expensive.
A feeling is a simple and undecomposable mental state.
Jellify a liquid.
